acetobacter_aceti	aerobe
acetobacter_orleanensis	aerobe
acetobacter_pomorum	aerobe
acetobacter_cerevisiae	obligate aerobe
acetobacter_malorum	obligate aerobe
acetobacter_oeni	obligate aerobe
acetobacter_nitrogenifigens	aerobe
acetobacter_senegalensis	obligate aerobe
acidiphilium_cryptum	aerobe
asaia_siamensis	obligate aerobe
belnapia_moabensis	aerobe
belnapia_rosea	aerobe
gluconacetobacter_liquefaciens	aerobe
gluconacetobacter_sacchari	aerobe
gluconacetobacter_azotocaptans	aerobe
gluconacetobacter_johannae	aerobe
komagataeibacter_kakiaceti	aerobe
kozakia_baliensis	obligate aerobe
rhodopila_globiformis	anaerobe
roseococcus_thiosulfatophilus	aerobe
saccharibacter_floricola	aerobe
stella_vacuolata	microaerophile
acidisphaera_rubrifaciens	aerobe
roseomonas_ludipueritiae	aerobe
roseomonas_lacus	aerobe
roseomonas_aquatica	obligate aerobe
roseomonas_vinacea	aerobe
roseomonas_aerilata	obligate aerobe
roseomonas_pecuniae	obligate aerobe
granulibacter_bethesdensis	obligate aerobe
acidisoma_tundrae	obligate aerobe
acidisoma_sibiricum	obligate aerobe
acidaminococcus_fermentans	anaerobe
phascolarctobacterium_faecium	anaerobe
succiniclasticum_ruminis	anaerobe
terriglobus_saanensis	aerobe
granulicella_rosea	obligate aerobe
granulicella_pectinivorans	obligate aerobe
granulicella_aggregans	obligate aerobe
granulicella_paludicola	obligate aerobe
telmatobacter_bradus	anaerobe
bryocella_elongata	aerobe
acidicapsa_borealis	aerobe
acidicapsa_ligni	aerobe
actinobaculum_suis	anaerobe
actinotignum_schaalii	anaerobe
actinotignum_urinale	anaerobe
actinobaculum_massiliense	anaerobe
actinomyces_bovis	anaerobe
actinomyces_denticolens	anaerobe
actinomyces_israelii	anaerobe
actinomyces_naeslundii	microaerophile
schaalia_odontolytica	microaerophile
actinomyces_viscosus	microaerophile
actinomyces_gerencseriae	anaerobe
buchananella_hordeovulneris	microaerophile
schaalia_meyeri	anaerobe
schaalia_georgiae	anaerobe
winkia_neuii	microaerophile
schaalia_hyovaginalis	microaerophile
boudabousia_marimammalium	microaerophile
actinomyces_catuli	microaerophile
actinomyces_bowdenii	microaerophile
actinomyces_urogenitalis	microaerophile
gleimia_coleocanis	microaerophile
schaalia_canis	microaerophile
schaalia_funkei	microaerophile
schaalia_suimastitidis	microaerophile
pauljensenia_hongkongensis	anaerobe
schaalia_cardiffensis	anaerobe
schaalia_vaccimaxillae	microaerophile
actinomyces_graevenitzii	microaerophile
actinomyces_oricola	anaerobe
actinomyces_dentalis	anaerobe
actinomyces_johnsonii	anaerobe
actinomyces_massiliensis	anaerobe
actinomyces_timonensis	anaerobe
gleimia_hominis	microaerophile
schaalia_naturae	anaerobe
arcanobacterium_haemolyticum	microaerophile
arcanobacterium_phocae	microaerophile
arcanobacterium_pluranimalium	microaerophile
arcanobacterium_hippocoleae	microaerophile
mobiluncus_mulieris	anaerobe
mobiluncus_holmesii	anaerobe
mobiluncus_curtisii	anaerobe
varibaculum_cambriense	anaerobe
trueperella_pyogenes	microaerophile
trueperella_bialowiezensis	microaerophile
trueperella_bonasi	microaerophile
trueperella_abortisuis	anaerobe
abiotrophia_defectiva	microaerophile
aerococcus_viridans	microaerophile
aerococcus_sanguinicola	microaerophile
aerococcus_urinaehominis	microaerophile
aerococcus_christensenii	anaerobe
aerococcus_suis	microaerophile
dolosicoccus_paucivorans	microaerophile
eremococcus_coleocola	microaerophile
globicatella_sulfidifaciens	microaerophile
ignavigranum_ruoffiae	microaerophile
aeromonas_hydrophila	aerobe
aeromonas_enteropelogenes	aerobe
aeromonas_veronii	aerobe
aeromonas_salmonicida	aerobe
aeromonas_bestiarum	aerobe
aeromonas_dhakensis	aerobe
pseudaeromonas_sharmana	facultative anaerobe
aeromonas_fluvialis	facultative anaerobe
aeromonas_taiwanensis	facultative anaerobe
oceanisphaera_donghaensis	aerobe
oceanisphaera_sediminis	facultative aerobe
tolumonas_auensis	anaerobe
tolumonas_osonensis	facultative anaerobe
zobellella_denitrificans	facultative anaerobe
achromobacter_xylosoxidans	aerobe
achromobacter_insolitus	aerobe
achromobacter_spanius	aerobe
alcaligenes_faecalis	aerobe
brackiella_oedipodis	aerobe
castellaniella_defragrans	aerobe
castellaniella_caeni	facultative anaerobe
castellaniella_daejeonensis	facultative anaerobe
kerstersia_gyiorum	aerobe
oligella_urethralis	aerobe
oligella_ureolytica	microaerophile
pigmentiphaga_daeguensis	aerobe
pigmentiphaga_litoralis	facultative anaerobe
pusillimonas_noertemannii	aerobe
pusillimonas_ginsengisoli	aerobe
pusillimonas_harenae	aerobe
taylorella_equigenitalis	microaerophile
bordetella_bronchiseptica	aerobe
bordetella_avium	aerobe
bordetella_trematum	aerobe
bordetella_petrii	aerobe
advenella_kashmirensis	aerobe
advenella_mimigardefordensis	aerobe
candidimonas_nitroreducens	aerobe
candidimonas_bauzanensis	facultative anaerobe
alcanivorax_dieselolei	aerobe
alcanivorax_balearicus	aerobe
kangiella_koreensis	anaerobe
kangiella_aquimarina	anaerobe
kangiella_spongicola	aerobe
alicyclobacillus_acidiphilus	aerobe
alicyclobacillus_acidocaldarius	aerobe
alicyclobacillus_vulcanalis	aerobe
alicyclobacillus_sacchari	aerobe
alicyclobacillus_contaminans	aerobe
alicyclobacillus_fastidiosus	aerobe
alicyclobacillus_kakegawensis	aerobe
alicyclobacillus_macrosporangiidus	aerobe
alicyclobacillus_shizuokensis	aerobe
effusibacillus_pohliae	aerobe
alicyclobacillus_ferrooxydans	aerobe
aestuariibacter_halophilus	obligate aerobe
aestuariibacter_salexigens	obligate aerobe
alishewanella_jeotgali	facultative anaerobe
alishewanella_agri	aerobe
alteromonas_macleodii	aerobe
alteromonas_stellipolaris	obligate aerobe
pseudoalteromonas_fuliginea	obligate aerobe
alteromonas_addita	aerobe
alteromonas_genovensis	aerobe
glaciecola_pallidula	facultative aerobe
paraglaciecola_polaris	aerobe
marinimicrobium_koreense	aerobe
marinimicrobium_agarilyticum	aerobe
marinobacterium_georgiense	facultative aerobe
marinobacterium_rhizophilum	aerobe
microbulbifer_hydrolyticus	facultative aerobe
microbulbifer_thermotolerans	facultative anaerobe
microbulbifer_agarilyticus	facultative anaerobe
microbulbifer_epialgicus	aerobe
saccharophagus_degradans	aerobe
salinimonas_chungwhensis	aerobe
marinobacter_lipolyticus	facultative aerobe
marinobacter_sediminum	aerobe
marinobacter_bryozoorum	aerobe
marinobacter_flavimaris	anaerobe
marinobacter_algicola	aerobe
marinobacter_daepoensis	anaerobe
marinobacter_maritimus	aerobe
marinobacter_salsuginis	facultative anaerobe
marinobacter_goseongensis	aerobe
marinobacter_santoriniensis	facultative anaerobe
marinobacter_oulmenensis	aerobe
marinobacter_adhaerens	aerobe
haliea_salexigens	aerobe
pseudohaliea_rubra	aerobe
parahaliea_mediterranea	aerobe
aliagarivorans_marinus	anaerobe
aliagarivorans_taiwanensis	anaerobe
anaerolinea_thermophila	anaerobe
anaerolinea_thermolimosa	anaerobe
leptolinea_tardivitalis	anaerobe
levilinea_saccharolytica	anaerobe
bellilinea_caldifistulae	anaerobe
ornatilinea_apprima	anaerobe
hydrogenivirga_caldilitoris	anaerobe
hydrogenivirga_okinawensis	aerobe
hydrogenobacter_thermophilus	aerobe
sulfurihydrogenibium_rodmanii	microaerophile
thermocrinis_albus	microaerophile
thermocrinis_minervae	microaerophile
aurantimonas_coralicida	aerobe
fulvimarina_pelagi	aerobe
martelella_mediterranea	aerobe
aureimonas_altamirensis	aerobe
aureimonas_ureilytica	anaerobe
aureimonas_frigidaquae	facultative anaerobe
alkalibacillus_filiformis	aerobe
alkalibacillus_silvisoli	aerobe
alkalibacillus_flavidus	aerobe
anoxybacillus_flavithermus	aerobe
anoxybacillus_pushchinoensis	anaerobe
anoxybacillus_contaminans	facultative anaerobe
anoxybacillus_tepidamans	aerobe
anoxybacillus_voinovskiensis	facultative aerobe
anoxybacillus_bogrovensis	facultative anaerobe
anoxybacillus_eryuanensis	facultative aerobe
anoxybacillus_tengchongensis	facultative aerobe
viridibacillus_neidei	aerobe
viridibacillus_arvi	anaerobe
viridibacillus_arenosi	aerobe
bacillus_azotoformans	aerobe
bacillus_badius	aerobe
bacillus_circulans	aerobe
cytobacillus_firmus	aerobe
bacillus_lentus	aerobe
bacillus_licheniformis	aerobe
bacillus_megaterium	aerobe
bacillus_mycoides	aerobe
bacillus_pumilus	aerobe
hydrogenibacillus_schlegelii	facultative anaerobe
bacillus_smithii	aerobe
bacillus_atrophaeus	aerobe
bacillus_mojavensis	aerobe
bacillus_halotolerans	aerobe
bacillus_oleronius	aerobe
salipaludibacillus_agaradhaerens	facultative anaerobe
bacillus_clausii	aerobe
bacillus_infernus	anaerobe
bacillus_pseudomycoides	facultative anaerobe
bacillus_horti	obligate aerobe
bacillus_subtilis	aerobe
bacillus_sonorensis	facultative anaerobe
bacillus_endophyticus	obligate aerobe
bacillus_acidicola	aerobe
bacillus_decolorationis	obligate aerobe
bacillus_nealsonii	facultative anaerobe
bacillus_selenitireducens	anaerobe
bacillus_galactosidilyticus	aerobe
bacillus_drentensis	aerobe
bacillus_soli	facultative anaerobe
fictibacillus_gelatini	aerobe
bacillus_fortis	obligate aerobe
bacillus_farraginis	obligate aerobe
bacillus_fordii	obligate aerobe
bacillus_mannanilyticus	aerobe
bacillus_indicus	aerobe
bacillus_marisflavi	aerobe
bacillus_aquimaris	aerobe
bacillus_hwajinpoensis	aerobe
bacillus_muralis	aerobe
bacillus_litoralis	aerobe
bacillus_macyae	anaerobe
bacillus_herbersteinensis	aerobe
bacillus_ruris	facultative anaerobe
fictibacillus_arsenicus	aerobe
bacillus_carboniphilus	obligate aerobe
bacillus_wakoensis	aerobe
bacillus_hemicellulosilyticus	aerobe
bacillus_cellulosilyticus	aerobe
bacillus_niabensis	facultative aerobe
bacillus_koreensis	aerobe
bacillus_salarius	aerobe
mesobacillus_jeotgali	facultative anaerobe
bacillus_fumarioli	aerobe
bacillus_seohaeanensis	aerobe
bacillus_aurantiacus	aerobe
bacillus_selenatarsenatis	facultative anaerobe
bacillus_luciferensis	facultative anaerobe
bacillus_shackletonii	aerobe
bacillus_vietnamensis	aerobe
bacillus_oshimensis	aerobe
bacillus_alveayuensis	aerobe
bacillus_akibai	aerobe
bacillus_okhensis	aerobe
bacillus_butanolivorans	aerobe
bacillus_lehensis	aerobe
bacillus_decisifrondis	aerobe
salibacterium_qingdaonense	aerobe
bacillus_chagannorensis	facultative anaerobe
bacillus_kribbensis	aerobe
bacillus_cecembensis	aerobe
bacillus_alkalitelluris	facultative anaerobe
bacillus_aidingensis	aerobe
fictibacillus_solisalsi	facultative anaerobe
bacillus_trypoxylicola	aerobe
bacillus_beveridgei	anaerobe
bacillus_galliciensis	aerobe
bacillus_horneckiae	aerobe
salibacterium_halochares	aerobe
bacillus_chungangensis	aerobe
bacillus_marmarensis	aerobe
fictibacillus_rigui	aerobe
bacillus_siamensis	facultative anaerobe
bacillus_oceanisediminis	aerobe
fictibacillus_nanhaiensis	aerobe
alteribacillus_iranensis	aerobe
bacillus_kochii	aerobe
caldibacillus_debilis	aerobe
cerasibacillus_quisquiliarum	aerobe
halobacillus_halophilus	obligate aerobe
halobacillus_trueperi	obligate aerobe
halobacillus_litoralis	obligate aerobe
halobacillus_karajensis	obligate aerobe
halobacillus_faecis	obligate aerobe
halobacillus_mangrovi	obligate aerobe
halobacillus_alkaliphilus	aerobe
halobacillus_salsuginis	aerobe
halolactibacillus_halophilus	microaerophile
halolactibacillus_miurensis	microaerophile
lentibacillus_salicampi	aerobe
lentibacillus_salarius	obligate aerobe
lentibacillus_lacisalsi	obligate aerobe
lentibacillus_halophilus	obligate aerobe
lentibacillus_kapialis	obligate aerobe
lentibacillus_halodurans	obligate aerobe
lentibacillus_salinarum	facultative anaerobe
lentibacillus_salis	obligate aerobe
lentibacillus_jeotgali	obligate aerobe
lentibacillus_persicus	facultative anaerobe
marinococcus_halotolerans	aerobe
marinococcus_luteus	aerobe
oceanobacillus_chironomi	obligate aerobe
oceanobacillus_caeni	aerobe
oceanobacillus_kapialis	obligate aerobe
oceanobacillus_neutriphilus	aerobe
ornithinibacillus_bavariensis	obligate aerobe
ornithinibacillus_californiensis	obligate aerobe
paraliobacillus_quinghaiensis	obligate aerobe
pontibacillus_chungwhensis	obligate aerobe
pontibacillus_marinus	obligate aerobe
pontibacillus_halophilus	obligate aerobe
pontibacillus_litoralis	facultative anaerobe
thalassobacillus_cyri	obligate aerobe
thalassobacillus_pellis	obligate aerobe
ureibacillus_thermosphaericus	aerobe
ureibacillus_terrenus	aerobe
ureibacillus_suwonensis	obligate aerobe
amphibacillus_xylanus	facultative anaerobe
amphibacillus_sediminis	facultative anaerobe
amphibacillus_jilinensis	facultative anaerobe
falsibacillus_pallidus	aerobe
geobacillus_stearothermophilus	aerobe
geobacillus_thermocatenulatus	facultative anaerobe
geobacillus_thermoleovorans	facultative anaerobe
geobacillus_kaustophilus	aerobe
parageobacillus_thermantarcticus	obligate aerobe
geobacillus_vulcani	aerobe
geobacillus_subterraneus	aerobe
parageobacillus_toebii	aerobe
geobacillus_lituanicus	aerobe
geobacillus_jurassicus	aerobe
gracilibacillus_halotolerans	obligate aerobe
gracilibacillus_halophilus	obligate aerobe
gracilibacillus_lacisalsi	obligate aerobe
gracilibacillus_saliphilus	aerobe
gracilibacillus_thailandensis	obligate aerobe
gracilibacillus_kekensis	aerobe
gracilibacillus_bigeumensis	obligate aerobe
virgibacillus_pantothenticus	facultative anaerobe
virgibacillus_salexigens	obligate aerobe
virgibacillus_marismortui	obligate aerobe
virgibacillus_proomii	facultative anaerobe
virgibacillus_necropolis	aerobe
virgibacillus_carmonensis	aerobe
virgibacillus_halophilus	obligate aerobe
virgibacillus_olivae	aerobe
virgibacillus_kekensis	obligate aerobe
virgibacillus_sediminis	obligate aerobe
virgibacillus_salinus	aerobe
virgibacillus_byunsanensis	aerobe
virgibacillus_subterraneus	aerobe
virgibacillus_soli	aerobe
caldalkalibacillus_uzonensis	aerobe
jeotgalibacillus_alimentarius	facultative anaerobe
jeotgalibacillus_campisalis	aerobe
jeotgalibacillus_salarius	aerobe
jeotgalibacillus_soli	aerobe
paucisalibacillus_globulus	aerobe
halalkalibacillus_halophilus	aerobe
terribacillus_goriensis	aerobe
terribacillus_halophilus	aerobe
terribacillus_saccharophilus	aerobe
lysinibacillus_sphaericus	aerobe
lysinibacillus_odysseyi	aerobe
lysinibacillus_parviboronicapiens	aerobe
lysinibacillus_xylanilyticus	aerobe
lysinibacillus_macroides	aerobe
piscibacillus_salipiscarius	aerobe
salirhabdus_euzebyi	aerobe
aquisalibacillus_elongatus	aerobe
salsuginibacillus_kocurii	aerobe
salimicrobium_flavidum	aerobe
tumebacillus_permanentifrigoris	aerobe
sediminibacillus_halophilus	facultative anaerobe
sediminibacillus_albus	aerobe
microaerobacter_geothermalis	anaerobe
bacillus_arseniciselenatis	anaerobe
calditerricola_satsumensis	aerobe
calditerricola_yamamurae	aerobe
natribacillus_halophilus	aerobe
salisediminibacterium_halotolerans	facultative anaerobe
alteribacillus_persepolensis	aerobe
alteribacillus_bidgolensis	aerobe
caldicoprobacter_faecalis	anaerobe
acetomicrobium_flavidum	anaerobe
pseudobacteroides_cellulosolvens	anaerobe
bacteroides_coagulans	anaerobe
bacteroides_eggerthii	anaerobe
bacteroides_fragilis	anaerobe
bacteroides_galacturonicus	anaerobe
bacteroides_helcogenes	anaerobe
bacteroides_ovatus	anaerobe
bacteroides_pyogenes	anaerobe
bacteroides_thetaiotaomicron	anaerobe
bacteroides_vulgatus	anaerobe
bacteroides_xylanolyticus	anaerobe
bacteroides_uniformis	anaerobe
bacteroides_acidifaciens	anaerobe
bacteroides_plebeius	anaerobe
bacteroides_coprocola	anaerobe
bacteroides_intestinalis	anaerobe
bacteroides_finegoldii	anaerobe
bacteroides_massiliensis	anaerobe
bacteroides_dorei	anaerobe
bacteroides_coprosuis	anaerobe
bacteroides_barnesiae	anaerobe
bacteroides_salanitronis	anaerobe
bacteroides_gallinarum	anaerobe
bacteroides_caccae	anaerobe
bacteroides_stercoris	anaerobe
bacteroides_salyersiae	anaerobe
bacteroides_propionicifaciens	anaerobe
bacteroides_coprophilus	anaerobe
bacteroides_cellulosilyticus	anaerobe
bacteroides_graminisolvens	anaerobe
bacteroides_paurosaccharolyticus	anaerobe
bacteroides_xylanisolvens	anaerobe
bacteroides_sartorii	anaerobe
bacteroides_clarus	anaerobe
bacteroides_fluxus	anaerobe
bacteroides_oleiciplenus	anaerobe
bacteroides_faecis	anaerobe
bartonella_schoenbuchensis	microaerophile
bartonella_quintana	microaerophile
bartonella_alsatica	microaerophile
bartonella_koehlerae	microaerophile
bartonella_birtlesii	microaerophile
bartonella_bovis	microaerophile
bartonella_capreoli	microaerophile
bartonella_chomelii	microaerophile
bartonella_coopersplainsensis	microaerophile
bartonella_queenslandensis	microaerophile
bartonella_rattaustraliani	microaerophile
bartonella_japonica	microaerophile
bartonella_silvatica	microaerophile
bartonella_rochalimae	microaerophile
chelatococcus_daeguensis	aerobe
methylocapsa_acidiphila	aerobe
camelimonas_lactis	aerobe
camelimonas_abortus	aerobe
methylorosula_polaris	aerobe
beutenbergia_cavernae	aerobe
bifidobacterium_adolescentis	anaerobe
bifidobacterium_angulatum	anaerobe
bifidobacterium_animalis	anaerobe
bifidobacterium_asteroides	anaerobe
bifidobacterium_bifidum	anaerobe
bifidobacterium_boum	anaerobe
bifidobacterium_breve	anaerobe
bifidobacterium_catenulatum	anaerobe
bifidobacterium_choerinum	anaerobe
bifidobacterium_indicum	anaerobe
bifidobacterium_cuniculi	anaerobe
bifidobacterium_dentium	anaerobe
bifidobacterium_pullorum	anaerobe
bifidobacterium_globosum	anaerobe
bifidobacterium_longum	anaerobe
bifidobacterium_magnum	anaerobe
bifidobacterium_minimum	anaerobe
bifidobacterium_pseudocatenulatum	anaerobe
bifidobacterium_pseudolongum	anaerobe
bifidobacterium_subtile	anaerobe
bifidobacterium_thermophilum	anaerobe
bifidobacterium_ruminantium	anaerobe
bifidobacterium_merycicum	anaerobe
bifidobacterium_gallicum	anaerobe
bifidobacterium_scardovii	anaerobe
bifidobacterium_thermacidophilum	anaerobe
bifidobacterium_porcinum	anaerobe
bifidobacterium_bombi	anaerobe
bifidobacterium_tsurumiense	anaerobe
bifidobacterium_actinocoloniiforme	anaerobe
bifidobacterium_bohemicum	anaerobe
bifidobacterium_saguini	anaerobe
bifidobacterium_reuteri	anaerobe
bifidobacterium_callitrichos	anaerobe
bifidobacterium_stellenboschense	anaerobe
bifidobacterium_biavatii	anaerobe
gardnerella_vaginalis	anaerobe
alloscardovia_criceti	anaerobe
parascardovia_denticolens	anaerobe
scardovia_inopinata	anaerobe
scardovia_wiggsiae	anaerobe
alloscardovia_omnicolens	microaerophile
bombiscardovia_coagulans	anaerobe
neoscardovia_arbecensis	anaerobe
bogoriella_caseilytica	aerobe
georgenia_thermotolerans	microaerophile
georgenia_halophila	facultative anaerobe
georgenia_soli	aerobe
afipia_massiliensis	aerobe
afipia_birgiae	aerobe
bradyrhizobium_oligotrophicum	aerobe
bosea_eneae	aerobe
bosea_massiliensis	aerobe
bosea_vestrisii	aerobe
bosea_lathyri	aerobe
bosea_lupini	aerobe
bosea_robiniae	aerobe
rhodoblastus_acidophilus	anaerobe
rhodoblastus_sphagnicola	anaerobe
bradyrhizobium_japonicum	aerobe
bradyrhizobium_canariense	aerobe
bradyrhizobium_betae	aerobe
bradyrhizobium_pachyrhizi	obligate aerobe
bradyrhizobium_cytisi	obligate aerobe
rhodopseudomonas_palustris	anaerobe
rhodopseudomonas_parapalustris	anaerobe
rhodoplanes_tepidamans	anaerobe
rhodopseudomonas_julia	anaerobe
rhodopseudomonas_rhenobacensis	anaerobe
rhodopseudomonas_pseudopalustris	anaerobe
salinarimonas_rosea	facultative anaerobe
salinarimonas_ramus	facultative anaerobe
brevibacterium_casei	microaerophile
brevibacterium_linens	aerobe
brevibacterium_frigoritolerans	aerobe
brevibacterium_mcbrellneri	aerobe
brevibacterium_paucivorans	aerobe
brevibacterium_sanguinis	aerobe
brevibacterium_avium	aerobe
brevibacterium_luteolum	aerobe
brevibacterium_picturae	aerobe
brevibacterium_celere	aerobe
brevibacterium_samyangense	aerobe
brevibacterium_album	aerobe
brevibacterium_salitolerans	aerobe
mycoplana_ramosa	aerobe
ochrobactrum_anthropi	aerobe
ochrobactrum_tritici	aerobe
ochrobactrum_gallinifaecis	aerobe
ochrobactrum_oryzae	aerobe
ochrobactrum_cytisi	aerobe
ochrobactrum_pseudintermedium	aerobe
ochrobactrum_pituitosum	aerobe
ochrobactrum_ciceri	aerobe
pseudochrobactrum_kiredjianiae	aerobe
pseudochrobactrum_lubricantis	aerobe
daeguia_caeni	aerobe
burkholderia_gladioli	aerobe
caballeronia_glathei	aerobe
burkholderia_pyrrocinia	aerobe
burkholderia_vietnamiensis	aerobe
burkholderia_multivorans	aerobe
burkholderia_thailandensis	aerobe
paraburkholderia_kururiensis	aerobe
paraburkholderia_tropica	aerobe
burkholderia_anthina	aerobe
burkholderia_ambifaria	aerobe
burkholderia_dolosa	aerobe
burkholderia_stabilis	aerobe
paraburkholderia_hospita	aerobe
paraburkholderia_sacchari	aerobe
paraburkholderia_phymatum	aerobe
caballeronia_sordidicola	aerobe
paraburkholderia_terricola	aerobe
burkholderia_ubonensis	aerobe
paraburkholderia_xenovorans	aerobe
paraburkholderia_phytofirmans	aerobe
paraburkholderia_phenoliruptrix	aerobe
paraburkholderia_terrae	aerobe
paraburkholderia_ferrariae	aerobe
trinickia_soli	aerobe
paraburkholderia_tuberum	aerobe
paraburkholderia_mimosarum	aerobe
paraburkholderia_silvatlantica	aerobe
burkholderia_oklahomensis	aerobe
paraburkholderia_ginsengisoli	aerobe
mycetohabitans_rhizoxinica	aerobe
mycetohabitans_endofungorum	aerobe
paraburkholderia_nodosa	aerobe
paraburkholderia_megapolitana	aerobe
paraburkholderia_bryophila	aerobe
paraburkholderia_sartisoli	aerobe
burkholderia_arboris	aerobe
burkholderia_diffusa	aerobe
burkholderia_latens	aerobe
burkholderia_metallica	aerobe
burkholderia_seminalis	aerobe
paraburkholderia_sabiae	aerobe
burkholderia_contaminans	aerobe
burkholderia_lata	aerobe
paraburkholderia_oxyphila	aerobe
cupriavidus_basilensis	aerobe
cupriavidus_necator	aerobe
cupriavidus_numazuensis	aerobe
cupriavidus_campinensis	aerobe
cupriavidus_taiwanensis	aerobe
cupriavidus_respiraculi	aerobe
cupriavidus_pinatubonensis	aerobe
limnobacter_thiooxidans	obligate aerobe
pandoraea_sputorum	aerobe
pandoraea_thiooxydans	aerobe
pandoraea_faecigallinarum	aerobe
polynucleobacter_asymbioticus	facultative anaerobe
polynucleobacter_sinensis	aerobe
polynucleobacter_yangtzensis	facultative anaerobe
polynucleobacter_duraquae	aerobe
polynucleobacter_victoriensis	facultative anaerobe
polynucleobacter_cosmopolitanus	aerobe
ralstonia_solanacearum	aerobe
ralstonia_pickettii	aerobe
ralstonia_syzygii	aerobe
ralstonia_insidiosa	aerobe
caldisphaera_lagunensis	anaerobe
aliarcobacter_cryaerophilus	microaerophile
arcobacter_nitrofigilis	microaerophile
aliarcobacter_butzleri	microaerophile
aliarcobacter_skirrowii	microaerophile
aliarcobacter_cibarius	microaerophile
malaciobacter_halophilus	microaerophile
aliarcobacter_thereius	microaerophile
malaciobacter_marinus	aerobe
aliarcobacter_trophiarum	microaerophile
campylobacter_ureolyticus	anaerobe
campylobacter_coli	microaerophile
campylobacter_fetus	microaerophile
campylobacter_jejuni	microaerophile
campylobacter_sputorum	microaerophile
campylobacter_upsaliensis	microaerophile
campylobacter_rectus	anaerobe
campylobacter_curvus	anaerobe
campylobacter_lari	microaerophile
campylobacter_insulaenigrae	microaerophile
campylobacter_gracilis	anaerobe
campylobacter_mucosalis	microaerophile
campylobacter_showae	anaerobe
campylobacter_hyointestinalis	microaerophile
campylobacter_hominis	obligate anaerobe
campylobacter_canadensis	microaerophile
campylobacter_cuniculorum	microaerophile
campylobacter_volucris	microaerophile
sulfurospirillum_deleyianum	anaerobe
sulfurospirillum_arcachonense	anaerobe
sulfurospirillum_arsenophilum	anaerobe
sulfurospirillum_barnesii	anaerobe
sulfurospirillum_halorespirans	anaerobe
sulfurospirillum_multivorans	anaerobe
sulfurospirillum_carboxydovorans	anaerobe
cardiobacterium_hominis	microaerophile
cardiobacterium_valvarum	microaerophile
dichelobacter_nodosus	anaerobe
suttonella_ornithocola	microaerophile
alkalibacterium_kapii	microaerophile
allofustis_seminis	anaerobe
alloiococcus_otitis	microaerophile
atopococcus_tabaci	aerobe
atopostipes_suicloacalis	anaerobe
carnobacterium_divergens	microaerophile
carnobacterium_gallinarum	aerobe
carnobacterium_maltaromaticum	microaerophile
carnobacterium_alterfunditum	aerobe
carnobacterium_inhibens	microaerophile
carnobacterium_pleistocenium	anaerobe
desemzia_incerta	aerobe
granulicatella_adiacens	microaerophile
granulicatella_elegans	microaerophile
granulicatella_balaenopterae	microaerophile
isobaculum_melis	microaerophile
marinilactibacillus_piezotolerans	facultative anaerobe
marinilactibacillus_psychrotolerans	microaerophile
trichococcus_pasteurii	anaerobe
trichococcus_palustris	microaerophile
trichococcus_ilyis	anaerobe
brevundimonas_subvibrioides	aerobe
brevundimonas_variabilis	aerobe
brevundimonas_bullata	aerobe
brevundimonas_aurantiaca	aerobe
brevundimonas_nasdae	aerobe
brevundimonas_kwangchunensis	aerobe
brevundimonas_aveniformis	facultative aerobe
brevundimonas_naejangsanensis	anaerobe
brevundimonas_basaltis	aerobe
brevundimonas_halotolerans	aerobe
brevundimonas_poindexterae	aerobe
brevundimonas_staleyi	aerobe
caulobacter_henricii	aerobe
caulobacter_mirabilis	aerobe
phenylobacterium_immobile	aerobe
phenylobacterium_lituiforme	facultative anaerobe
phenylobacterium_koreense	aerobe
phenylobacterium_conjunctum	aerobe
phenylobacterium_composti	aerobe
phenylobacterium_muchangponense	aerobe
cellulomonas_biazotea	aerobe
cellulomonas_fimi	aerobe
cellulomonas_flavigena	aerobe
cellulomonas_xylanilytica	aerobe
cellulomonas_bogoriensis	facultative anaerobe
cellulomonas_terrae	facultative anaerobe
cellulomonas_composti	aerobe
cellulomonas_chitinilytica	facultative anaerobe
cellulomonas_aerilata	aerobe
cellulomonas_carbonis	aerobe
cellulomonas_oligotrophica	aerobe
cellulomonas_soli	aerobe
oerskovia_paurometabola	aerobe
oerskovia_jenensis	aerobe
chlorobium_limicola	anaerobe
chlorobium_luteolum	anaerobe
chlorobium_phaeovibrioides	anaerobe
roseiflexus_castenholzii	anaerobe
chloroflexus_aurantiacus	anaerobe
chloroflexus_aggregans	anaerobe
allochromatium_minutissimum	anaerobe
allochromatium_vinosum	anaerobe
allochromatium_warmingii	anaerobe
allochromatium_phaeobacterium	anaerobe
halochromatium_salexigens	anaerobe
halochromatium_glycolicum	anaerobe
halochromatium_roseum	anaerobe
marichromatium_gracile	anaerobe
marichromatium_purpuratum	anaerobe
marichromatium_indicum	anaerobe
marichromatium_bheemlicum	obligate anaerobe
rhabdochromatium_marinum	anaerobe
rheinheimera_texasensis	anaerobe
rheinheimera_pacifica	aerobe
rheinheimera_chironomi	aerobe
rheinheimera_aquimaris	aerobe
rheinheimera_soli	facultative aerobe
rheinheimera_tangshanensis	aerobe
thiobaca_trueperi	anaerobe
thiococcus_pfennigii	anaerobe
thiohalocapsa_marina	anaerobe
thiolamprovum_pedioforme	anaerobe
thiorhodococcus_minor	anaerobe
thiorhodococcus_mannitoliphagus	anaerobe
thiorhodovibrio_winogradskyi	anaerobe
thiocapsa_pendens	anaerobe
thiocapsa_rosea	anaerobe
thiocapsa_roseopersicina	anaerobe
thiocystis_violascens	anaerobe
thiocystis_violacea	anaerobe
chrysiogenes_arsenatis	anaerobe
desulfurispirillum_alkaliphilum	anaerobe
desulfurispira_natronophila	anaerobe
clostridium_polyendosporum	anaerobe
anoxynatronum_sibiricum	obligate anaerobe
lactonifactor_longoviformis	anaerobe
natronincola_histidinovorans	anaerobe
natronincola_ferrireducens	anaerobe
natronincola_peptidivorans	anaerobe
oxobacter_pfennigii	anaerobe
sarcina_maxima	anaerobe
sarcina_ventriculi	anaerobe
tepidimicrobium_ferriphilum	anaerobe
tepidimicrobium_xylanilyticum	anaerobe
thermobrachium_celere	anaerobe
caloramator_fervidus	anaerobe
caloramator_proteoclasticus	anaerobe
caloramator_coolhaasii	anaerobe
caloramator_viterbiensis	anaerobe
caloramator_uzoniensis	anaerobe
caloramator_australicus	anaerobe
caloramator_mitchellensis	anaerobe
caloramator_boliviensis	anaerobe
caloranaerobacter_azorensis	anaerobe
caminicella_sporogenes	anaerobe
clostridium_aceticum	anaerobe
clostridium_acetobutylicum	anaerobe
clostridium_acidurici	anaerobe
clostridium_cylindrosporum	anaerobe
anaerocolumna_aminovalerica	anaerobe
clostridium_aurantibutyricum	anaerobe
clostridium_baratii	anaerobe
clostridium_butyricum	anaerobe
clostridium_beijerinckii	anaerobe
clostridium_roseum	anaerobe
paraclostridium_bifermentans	anaerobe
clostridium_cadaveris	anaerobe
clostridium_carnis	anaerobe
clostridium_celatum	anaerobe
ruminiclostridium_cellobioparum	anaerobe
enterocloster_clostridioformis	anaerobe
clostridium_cochlearium	anaerobe
clostridium_cocleatum	anaerobe
clostridium_collagenovorans	anaerobe
clostridioides_difficile	anaerobe
clostridium_fallax	anaerobe
clostridium_felsineum	anaerobe
clostridium_formicaceticum	anaerobe
terrisporobacter_glycolicus	anaerobe
hathewaya_histolytica	anaerobe
lacrimispora_indolis	anaerobe
clostridium_innocuum	anaerobe
clostridium_irregulare	anaerobe
clostridium_kluyveri	anaerobe
clostridium_leptum	anaerobe
hathewaya_limosa	anaerobe
romboutsia_lituseburensis	anaerobe
clostridium_magnum	anaerobe
clostridium_malenominatum	anaerobe
clostridioides_mangenotii	anaerobe
clostridium_nexile	anaerobe
clostridium_oceanicum	anaerobe
ruminiclostridium_papyrosolvens	anaerobe
clostridium_paraputrificum	anaerobe
clostridium_pasteurianum	anaerobe
clostridium_perfringens	anaerobe
clostridium_polysaccharolyticum	anaerobe
anaerotignum_propionicum	anaerobe
clostridium_puniceum	anaerobe
clostridium_putrefaciens	anaerobe
clostridium_ramosum	anaerobe
fusobacterium_mortiferum	anaerobe
lacrimispora_saccharolytica	anaerobe
clostridium_saccharoperbutylacetonicum	anaerobe
clostridium_sardiniense	anaerobe
clostridium_sartagoforme	anaerobe
clostridium_scatologenes	anaerobe
paeniclostridium_sordellii	anaerobe
halanaerobium_saccharolyticum	anaerobe
lacrimispora_sphenoides	anaerobe
clostridium_spiroforme	anaerobe
clostridium_sporogenes	anaerobe
clostridium_putrificum	anaerobe
clostridium_sporosphaeroides	anaerobe
acetoanaerobium_sticklandii	anaerobe
clostridium_subterminale	anaerobe
clostridium_symbiosum	anaerobe
clostridium_tertium	anaerobe
clostridium_tetanomorphum	anaerobe
acetivibrio_thermocellus	anaerobe
thermoclostridium_stercorarium	anaerobe
clostridium_tyrobutyricum	anaerobe
clostridium_thermobutyricum	anaerobe
maledivibacter_halophilus	anaerobe
lacrimispora_aerotolerans	anaerobe
clostridium_methylpentosum	anaerobe
clostridium_disporicum	anaerobe
clostridium_haemolyticum	anaerobe
clostridium_novyi	anaerobe
clostridium_scindens	anaerobe
clostridium_thermosuccinogenes	anaerobe
clostridium_homopropionicum	anaerobe
clostridium_colinum	anaerobe
clostridium_intestinale	anaerobe
terrisporobacter_mayombei	anaerobe
lacrimispora_xylanolytica	anaerobe
lacrimispora_celerecrescens	anaerobe
ruminiclostridium_cellulolyticum	anaerobe
clostridium_populeti	anaerobe
clostridium_thermopalmarium	anaerobe
acetivibrio_aldrichii	anaerobe
clostridium_chartatabidum	anaerobe
clostridium_quinii	anaerobe
clostridium_chauvoei	anaerobe
clostridium_paradoxum	anaerobe
clostridium_septicum	anaerobe
clostridium_thermoalcaliphilum	anaerobe
clostridium_grantii	anaerobe
clostridium_estertheticum	anaerobe
clostridium_uzonii	anaerobe
clostridium_viride	anaerobe
clostridium_autoethanogenum	anaerobe
clostridium_pascui	anaerobe
clostridium_acetireducens	anaerobe
clostridium_aminophilum	anaerobe
clostridium_fimetarium	anaerobe
clostridium_vincentii	anaerobe
clostridium_tetani	anaerobe
clostridium_frigidicarnis	anaerobe
clostridium_gasigenes	anaerobe
lacrimispora_algidixylanolytica	anaerobe
clostridium_uliginosum	anaerobe
anaerocolumna_xylanovorans	anaerobe
clostridium_hiranonis	anaerobe
clostridium_akagii	anaerobe
clostridium_acidisoli	anaerobe
clostridium_peptidivorans	anaerobe
clostridium_ljungdahlii	anaerobe
ruminiclostridium_hungatei	anaerobe
clostridium_herbivorans	anaerobe
clostridium_saccharobutylicum	anaerobe
hungatella_hathewayi	anaerobe
clostridium_ghonii	anaerobe
clostridium_hylemonae	anaerobe
clostridium_isatidis	anaerobe
clostridium_algidicarnis	anaerobe
clostridium_tunisiense	anaerobe
paramaledivibacter_caminithermalis	anaerobe
clostridium_thiosulfatireducens	anaerobe
clostridium_carboxidivorans	anaerobe
clostridium_ragsdalei	anaerobe
clostridium_diolis	anaerobe
clostridium_colicanis	anaerobe
enterocloster_bolteae	anaerobe
clostridium_frigoris	anaerobe
clostridium_lacusfryxellense	anaerobe
clostridium_bowmanii	anaerobe
clostridium_psychrophilum	anaerobe
lacrimispora_amygdalina	anaerobe
acetivibrio_straminisolvens	anaerobe
clostridium_algoriphilum	anaerobe
anaerocolumna_jejuensis	anaerobe
intestinibacter_bartlettii	anaerobe
clostridium_lundense	anaerobe
clostridium_schirmacherense	anaerobe
clostridium_aciditolerans	anaerobe
clostridium_saccharogumia	anaerobe
mediterraneibacter_glycyrrhizinilyticus	anaerobe
clostridium_drakei	anaerobe
acetivibrio_alkalicellulosi	anaerobe
enterocloster_asparagiformis	anaerobe
ruminiclostridium_josui	anaerobe
clostridium_ganghwense	anaerobe
clostridium_citroniae	anaerobe
enterocloster_aldensis	anaerobe
clostridium_tepidiprofundi	anaerobe
clostridium_aestuarii	anaerobe
clostridium_nitrophenolicum	anaerobe
ruminiclostridium_sufflavum	anaerobe
enterocloster_lavalensis	anaerobe
clostridium_amylolyticum	anaerobe
clostridium_tagluense	anaerobe
clostridium_sulfidigenes	anaerobe
acetivibrio_clariflavus	anaerobe
thermoclostridium_caenicola	anaerobe
clostridium_arbusti	anaerobe
clostridium_chromiireducens	anaerobe
clostridium_senegalense	anaerobe
tindallia_magadiensis	anaerobe
tindallia_californiensis	obligate anaerobe
tindallia_texcoconensis	anaerobe
alkaliphilus_oremlandii	anaerobe
alkaliphilus_peptidifermentans	anaerobe
alkaliphilus_halophilus	anaerobe
thermohalobacter_berrensis	anaerobe
geosporobacter_subterraneus	anaerobe
anaerosporobacter_mobilis	anaerobe
clostridiisalibacter_paucivorans	anaerobe
lutispora_thermophila	anaerobe
butyricicoccus_pullicaecorum	anaerobe
proteiniclasticum_ruminis	anaerobe
sporosalibacterium_faouarense	anaerobe
anaerosalibacter_bizertensis	anaerobe
colwellia_aestuarii	anaerobe
colwellia_chukchiensis	facultative anaerobe
thalassotalea_ganghwensis	aerobe
thalassotalea_agarivorans	aerobe
acidovorax_facilis	aerobe
acidovorax_defluvii	aerobe
acidovorax_anthurii	aerobe
acidovorax_caeni	facultative aerobe
acidovorax_soli	aerobe
acidovorax_radicis	aerobe
alicycliphilus_denitrificans	aerobe
brachymonas_chironomi	aerobe
comamonas_terrigena	aerobe
comamonas_aquatica	aerobe
comamonas_kerstersii	aerobe
comamonas_badia	aerobe
comamonas_odontotermitis	aerobe
comamonas_composti	aerobe
comamonas_zonglianii	aerobe
curvibacter_delicatus	aerobe
diaphorobacter_oryzae	aerobe
giesbergeria_sinuosa	aerobe
giesbergeria_kuznetsovii	aerobe
giesbergeria_voronezhensis	aerobe
hydrogenophaga_palleronii	aerobe
hydrogenophaga_pseudoflava	aerobe
hydrogenophaga_taeniospiralis	aerobe
hydrogenophaga_defluvii	aerobe
hydrogenophaga_caeni	facultative aerobe
lampropedia_hyalina	aerobe
ottowia_thiooxydans	facultative anaerobe
polaromonas_naphthalenivorans	aerobe
polaromonas_hydrogenivorans	aerobe
polaromonas_jejuensis	aerobe
polaromonas_glacialis	aerobe
rhodoferax_fermentans	anaerobe
roseateles_depolymerans	aerobe
simplicispira_limi	aerobe
variovorax_paradoxus	aerobe
variovorax_dokdonensis	aerobe
xenophilus_azovorans	aerobe
xenophilus_aerolatus	aerobe
tepidicella_xavieri	aerobe
caenimonas_koreensis	aerobe
pseudorhodoferax_caeni	aerobe
pseudorhodoferax_soli	aerobe
kinneretia_asaccharophila	aerobe
limnohabitans_curvus	aerobe
limnohabitans_australis	aerobe
limnohabitans_parvus	aerobe
limnohabitans_planktonicus	aerobe
conexibacter_arvalis	aerobe
atopobium_minutum	anaerobe
lancefieldella_parvula	anaerobe
lancefieldella_rimae	anaerobe
atopobium_fossor	obligate anaerobe
fannyhessea_vaginae	anaerobe
collinsella_aerofaciens	anaerobe
collinsella_stercoris	anaerobe
collinsella_intestinalis	anaerobe
coriobacterium_glomerans	anaerobe
cryptobacterium_curtum	anaerobe
eggerthella_lenta	anaerobe
eggerthella_sinensis	anaerobe
olsenella_profusa	obligate anaerobe
slackia_heliotrinireducens	anaerobe
slackia_exigua	anaerobe
slackia_faecicanis	anaerobe
slackia_isoflavoniconvertens	anaerobe
slackia_equolifaciens	anaerobe
denitrobacterium_detoxificans	anaerobe
adlercreutzia_equolifaciens	anaerobe
paraeggerthella_hongkongensis	anaerobe
gordonibacter_pamelaeae	anaerobe
adlercreutzia_mucosicola	anaerobe
adlercreutzia_caecimuris	anaerobe
corynebacterium_stationis	aerobe
corynebacterium_ammoniagenes	microaerophile
corynebacterium_bovis	microaerophile
corynebacterium_vitaeruminis	microaerophile
corynebacterium_xerosis	microaerophile
corynebacterium_jeikeium	microaerophile
corynebacterium_pseudodiphtheriticum	microaerophile
corynebacterium_ulcerans	microaerophile
corynebacterium_urealyticum	microaerophile
corynebacterium_auris	microaerophile
corynebacterium_coyleae	microaerophile
corynebacterium_argentoratense	microaerophile
corynebacterium_mucifaciens	aerobe
corynebacterium_thomssenii	microaerophile
corynebacterium_accolens	microaerophile
corynebacterium_afermentans	microaerophile
corynebacterium_macginleyi	microaerophile
corynebacterium_lipophiloflavum	aerobe
corynebacterium_riegelii	microaerophile
corynebacterium_mastitidis	microaerophile
corynebacterium_durum	microaerophile
corynebacterium_confusum	microaerophile
corynebacterium_kroppenstedtii	microaerophile
corynebacterium_simulans	facultative anaerobe
corynebacterium_freneyi	aerobe
corynebacterium_glaucum	microaerophile
corynebacterium_appendicis	microaerophile
corynebacterium_capitovis	facultative anaerobe
corynebacterium_testudinoris	aerobe
corynebacterium_terpenotabidum	aerobe
corynebacterium_halotolerans	aerobe
corynebacterium_sphenisci	facultative anaerobe
corynebacterium_suicordis	microaerophile
corynebacterium_tuberculostearicum	microaerophile
corynebacterium_marinum	facultative anaerobe
corynebacterium_ureicelerivorans	microaerophile
corynebacterium_tuscaniense	aerobe
corynebacterium_resistens	microaerophile
corynebacterium_hansenii	aerobe
corynebacterium_lubricantis	microaerophile
corynebacterium_massiliense	microaerophile
corynebacterium_timonense	microaerophile
corynebacterium_maris	aerobe
corynebacterium_doosanense	aerobe
corynebacterium_pyruviciproducens	microaerophile
corynebacterium_humireducens	facultative anaerobe
corynebacterium_epidermidicanis	facultative aerobe
corynebacterium_aquatimens	microaerophile
corynebacterium_otitidis	microaerophile
aquicella_lusitana	microaerophile
aquicella_siphonis	microaerophile
fluviicola_taffensis	aerobe
owenweeksia_hongkongensis	aerobe
anaeromyxobacter_dehalogenans	anaerobe
adhaeribacter_aquaticus	aerobe
arcicella_aquatica	aerobe
arcicella_aurantiaca	aerobe
cytophaga_hutchinsonii	aerobe
cytophaga_xylanolytica	anaerobe
dyadobacter_fermentans	aerobe
dyadobacter_crusticola	aerobe
dyadobacter_ginsengisoli	aerobe
dyadobacter_koreensis	aerobe
dyadobacter_alkalitolerans	aerobe
dyadobacter_psychrophilus	aerobe
emticicia_oligotrophica	aerobe
flectobacillus_major	aerobe
hymenobacter_aerophilus	aerobe
hymenobacter_actinosclerus	aerobe
hymenobacter_psychrotolerans	aerobe
hymenobacter_daecheongensis	aerobe
leadbetterella_byssophila	aerobe
microscilla_marina	obligate aerobe
runella_defluvii	aerobe
spirosoma_panaciterrae	aerobe
pontibacter_roseus	aerobe
ekhidna_lutea	aerobe
rudanella_lutea	aerobe
fibrisoma_limi	aerobe
pseudarcicella_hirudinis	aerobe
denitrovibrio_acetiphilus	anaerobe
flexistipes_sinusarabici	anaerobe
geovibrio_thiophilus	anaerobe
deferribacter_thermophilus	anaerobe
deferribacter_abyssi	anaerobe
deferribacter_autotrophicus	anaerobe
calditerrivibrio_nitroreducens	anaerobe
deinococcus_murrayi	microaerophile
deinococcus_indicus	aerobe
deinococcus_deserti	aerobe
deinococcus_marmoris	aerobe
deinococcus_apachensis	aerobe
deinococcus_hopiensis	aerobe
deinococcus_caeni	aerobe
deinococcus_aquaticus	aerobe
deinococcus_ficus	aerobe
deinococcus_yunweiensis	aerobe
deinococcus_peraridilitoris	aerobe
deinococcus_cellulosilyticus	aerobe
deinococcus_roseus	aerobe
deinococcus_aquatilis	aerobe
deinococcus_xinjiangensis	aerobe
deinococcus_gobiensis	facultative anaerobe
deinococcus_aerius	aerobe
deinococcus_piscis	aerobe
deinococcus_aerolatus	aerobe
deinococcus_aerophilus	aerobe
deinococcus_daejeonensis	aerobe
deinobacterium_chartae	aerobe
brachybacterium_alimentarium	aerobe
brachybacterium_tyrofermentans	aerobe
brachybacterium_fresconis	aerobe
brachybacterium_sacelli	aerobe
brachybacterium_phenoliresistens	facultative anaerobe
brachybacterium_zhongshanense	anaerobe
brachybacterium_saurashtrense	aerobe
helcobacillus_massiliensis	aerobe
demetria_terragena	aerobe
dermacoccus_barathri	aerobe
kytococcus_sedentarius	aerobe
kytococcus_schroeteri	aerobe
kytococcus_aerolatus	aerobe
yimella_lutea	aerobe
barrientosiimonas_humi	aerobe
dermatophilus_congolensis	aerobe
kineosphaera_limosa	aerobe
austwickia_chelonae	aerobe
desulfatibacillum_aliphaticivorans	anaerobe
desulfatibacillum_alkenivorans	anaerobe
desulfatiferula_olefinivorans	anaerobe
desulfospira_joergensenii	anaerobe
desulfotignum_balticum	anaerobe
desulfotignum_phosphitoxidans	anaerobe
desulfotignum_toluenicum	anaerobe
desulfobacter_curvatus	anaerobe
desulfobacter_hydrogenophilus	anaerobe
desulfobacter_latus	anaerobe
desulfobacter_postgatei	anaerobe
desulfobacter_halotolerans	anaerobe
desulfobacter_vibrioformis	anaerobe
desulfobacter_psychrotolerans	anaerobe
desulfobacterium_autotrophicum	anaerobe
desulfobacterium_catecholicum	anaerobe
desulfobacterium_indolicum	anaerobe
desulfobacterium_vacuolatum	anaerobe
desulfatiglans_anilini	anaerobe
desulfobacterium_oleovorans	anaerobe
desulfobacterium_zeppelinii	anaerobe
desulfopila_corrodens	anaerobe
desulfobacterium_niacini	anaerobe
desulfobacula_phenolica	anaerobe
desulfobacula_toluolica	anaerobe
desulfocella_halophila	anaerobe
desulfococcus_multivorans	anaerobe
desulfococcus_biacutus	anaerobe
desulfofaba_hansenii	anaerobe
desulfofaba_fastidiosa	anaerobe
desulfonema_ishimotonii	anaerobe
desulforegula_conservatrix	anaerobe
desulfosarcina_variabilis	anaerobe
desulfosarcina_cetonica	anaerobe
desulfosarcina_ovata	anaerobe
desulfatirhabdium_butyrativorans	anaerobe
desulfoluna_spongiiphila	anaerobe
desulfoluna_butyratoxydans	anaerobe
desulfobotulus_sapovorans	anaerobe
desulfobotulus_alkaliphilus	anaerobe
desulfosalsimonas_propionicica	anaerobe
desulfobulbus_elongatus	anaerobe
desulfobulbus_propionicus	anaerobe
desulfobulbus_rhabdoformis	anaerobe
desulfobulbus_mediterraneus	anaerobe
desulfobulbus_japonicus	anaerobe
desulfobulbus_marinus	anaerobe
desulfocapsa_thiozymogenes	anaerobe
desulfocapsa_sulfexigens	anaerobe
desulfofustis_glycolicus	anaerobe
desulforhopalus_vacuolatus	anaerobe
desulforhopalus_singaporensis	anaerobe
desulfopila_aestuarii	anaerobe
desulfopila_inferna	anaerobe
desulfurivibrio_alkaliphilus	anaerobe
desulfonatronovibrio_hydrogenovorans	anaerobe
desulfonatronovibrio_thiodismutans	anaerobe
desulfonatronovibrio_magnus	anaerobe
desulfonatronovibrio_halophilus	anaerobe
desulfonauticus_submarinus	anaerobe
desulfonauticus_autotrophicus	anaerobe
desulfothermus_okinawensis	anaerobe
desulfothermus_naphthae	anaerobe
desulfohalobium_utahense	anaerobe
desulfovermiculus_halophilus	anaerobe
desulfonatronospira_delicata	anaerobe
desulfonatronospira_thiodismutans	anaerobe
desulfomicrobium_baculatum	anaerobe
desulfomicrobium_macestii	anaerobe
desulfomicrobium_apsheronum	anaerobe
desulfomicrobium_escambiense	anaerobe
desulfomicrobium_norvegicum	anaerobe
desulfomicrobium_orale	anaerobe
desulfomicrobium_salsuginis	anaerobe
desulfomicrobium_aestuarii	anaerobe
desulfomicrobium_thermophilum	anaerobe
desulfonatronum_lacustre	anaerobe
desulfonatronum_thiodismutans	anaerobe
desulfonatronum_cooperativum	anaerobe
desulfonatronum_thioautotrophicum	anaerobe
desulfonatronum_thiosulfatophilum	anaerobe
bilophila_wadsworthia	anaerobe
desulfocurvus_vexinensis	anaerobe
desulfovibrio_piger	anaerobe
desulfocurvibacter_africanus	anaerobe
desulfovibrio_carbinolicus	anaerobe
desulfovibrio_desulfuricans	anaerobe
desulfovibrio_fructosivorans	anaerobe
desulfovibrio_giganteus	anaerobe
desulfovibrio_gigas	anaerobe
desulfovibrio_salexigens	anaerobe
desulfovibrio_sulfodismutans	anaerobe
desulfovibrio_oxamicus	anaerobe
desulfovibrio_vulgaris	anaerobe
desulfovibrio_termitidis	anaerobe
desulfovibrio_alcoholivorans	anaerobe
desulfovibrio_halophilus	anaerobe
desulfovibrio_simplex	anaerobe
desulfovibrio_longus	anaerobe
desulfovibrio_alaskensis	anaerobe
desulfovibrio_vietnamensis	anaerobe
pseudodesulfovibrio_aespoeensis	anaerobe
desulfovibrio_gabonensis	anaerobe
halodesulfovibrio_aestuarii	anaerobe
desulfovibrio_intestinalis	anaerobe
pseudodesulfovibrio_profundus	anaerobe
desulfovibrio_cuneatus	anaerobe
desulfovibrio_litoralis	anaerobe
desulfovibrio_oxyclinae	anaerobe
desulfovibrio_inopinatus	anaerobe
desulfovibrio_aminophilus	anaerobe
desulfovibrio_senezii	anaerobe
desulfovibrio_burkinensis	anaerobe
desulfovibrio_zosterae	anaerobe
desulfovibrio_magneticus	anaerobe
desulfovibrio_mexicanus	anaerobe
desulfovibrio_hydrothermalis	anaerobe
desulfovibrio_indonesiensis	anaerobe
desulfovibrio_ferrophilus	anaerobe
desulfovibrio_capillatus	anaerobe
desulfovibrio_brasiliensis	anaerobe
desulfovibrio_bastinii	anaerobe
desulfovibrio_putealis	anaerobe
desulfovibrio_gracilis	anaerobe
desulfovibrio_paquesii	anaerobe
desulfovibrio_aerotolerans	anaerobe
halodesulfovibrio_marinisediminis	anaerobe
desulfovibrio_carbinoliphilus	anaerobe
desulfovibrio_arcticus	anaerobe
desulfovibrio_bizertensis	anaerobe
desulfovibrio_frigidus	anaerobe
desulfovibrio_ferrireducens	anaerobe
desulfohalovibrio_alkalitolerans	anaerobe
desulfovibrio_marinus	anaerobe
desulfovibrio_tunisiensis	anaerobe
desulfovibrio_marrakechensis	anaerobe
pseudodesulfovibrio_portus	anaerobe
desulfovibrio_psychrotolerans	anaerobe
desulfovibrio_idahonensis	anaerobe
desulfovibrio_butyratiphilus	anaerobe
desulfovibrio_lacusfryxellense	anaerobe
desulfovibrio_singaporenus	anaerobe
desulfovibrio_legallii	anaerobe
pseudodesulfovibrio_piezophilus	anaerobe
desulfobaculum_xiamenense	anaerobe
desulfurella_acetivorans	anaerobe
desulfurella_multipotens	anaerobe
desulfurella_propionica	anaerobe
desulfurella_kamchatkensis	anaerobe
hippea_maritima	anaerobe
hippea_jasoniae	anaerobe
hippea_alviniae	anaerobe
ignicoccus_islandicus	anaerobe
ignicoccus_pacificus	anaerobe
ignicoccus_hospitalis	anaerobe
stetteria_hydrogenophila	anaerobe
aeropyrum_pernix	aerobe
aeropyrum_camini	aerobe
desulfurococcus_mucosus	anaerobe
staphylothermus_marinus	anaerobe
sulfophobococcus_zilligii	anaerobe
thermosphaera_aggregans	anaerobe
desulfuromusa_kysingii	anaerobe
desulfuromusa_bakii	anaerobe
desulfuromusa_succinoxidans	anaerobe
desulfuromusa_ferrireducens	anaerobe
malonomonas_rubra	anaerobe
pelobacter_acetylenicus	anaerobe
pelobacter_acidigallici	anaerobe
pelobacter_carbinolicus	anaerobe
pelobacter_propionicus	anaerobe
pelobacter_venetianus	anaerobe
pelobacter_massiliensis	anaerobe
pelobacter_seleniigenes	anaerobe
desulfuromonas_acetoxidans	anaerobe
desulfuromonas_acetexigens	anaerobe
desulfuromonas_succinoxidans	anaerobe
desulfuromonas_thiophila	anaerobe
desulfuromonas_palmitatis	anaerobe
desulfuromonas_chloroethenica	anaerobe
desulfuromonas_michiganensis	anaerobe
desulfuromonas_svalbardensis	anaerobe
dictyoglomus_thermophilum	anaerobe
dietzia_maris	microaerophile
dietzia_natronolimnaea	microaerophile
dietzia_kunjamensis	aerobe
dietzia_papillomatosis	aerobe
dietzia_cercidiphylli	aerobe
dietzia_aerolata	aerobe
dietzia_timorensis	aerobe
alkalilimnicola_ehrlichii	facultative anaerobe
ectothiorhodospira_mobilis	anaerobe
ectothiorhodospira_marina	anaerobe
ectothiorhodospira_shaposhnikovii	anaerobe
ectothiorhodospira_variabilis	anaerobe
halorhodospira_abdelmalekii	anaerobe
halorhodospira_halochloris	anaerobe
halorhodospira_halophila	anaerobe
halorhodospira_neutriphila	anaerobe
thioalkalivibrio_halophilus	anaerobe
thiohalospira_halophila	aerobe
aquisalimonas_asiatica	facultative aerobe
thioalbus_denitrificans	microaerophile
arsenophonus_nasoniae	aerobe
brenneria_nigrifluens	aerobe
brenneria_salicis	aerobe
brenneria_alni	aerobe
buttiauxella_gaviniae	aerobe
buttiauxella_brennerae	aerobe
buttiauxella_izardii	aerobe
buttiauxella_noackiae	aerobe
buttiauxella_warmboldiae	aerobe
cedecea_davisae	aerobe
citrobacter_amalonaticus	aerobe
citrobacter_freundii	aerobe
citrobacter_gillenii	aerobe
citrobacter_braakii	aerobe
citrobacter_werkmanii	aerobe
citrobacter_sedlakii	aerobe
dickeya_chrysanthemi	aerobe
dickeya_dadantii	facultative anaerobe
dickeya_dianthicola	facultative anaerobe
dickeya_zeae	facultative anaerobe
pluralibacter_pyrinus	aerobe
kosakonia_radicincitans	aerobe
enterobacter_cloacae	aerobe
enterobacter_ludwigii	aerobe
enterobacter_cancerogenus	aerobe
franconibacter_helveticus	aerobe
lelliottia_nimipressuralis	aerobe
kosakonia_arachidis	aerobe
erwinia_amylovora	aerobe
erwinia_psidii	aerobe
erwinia_piriflorinigrans	facultative anaerobe
erwinia_typographi	facultative anaerobe
escherichia_coli	aerobe
pseudescherichia_vulneris	aerobe
ewingella_americana	aerobe
klebsiella_oxytoca	aerobe
klebsiella_pneumoniae	aerobe
klebsiella_variicola	aerobe
kluyvera_intermedia	aerobe
kluyvera_ascorbata	aerobe
kluyvera_cryocrescens	aerobe
kluyvera_georgiana	aerobe
moellerella_wisconsensis	aerobe
morganella_psychrotolerans	aerobe
obesumbacterium_proteus	aerobe
pantoea_dispersa	aerobe
pantoea_anthophila	facultative anaerobe
pantoea_deleyi	facultative anaerobe
pantoea_eucalypti	facultative anaerobe
pantoea_vagans	facultative anaerobe
mixta_calida	aerobe
pantoea_allii	facultative anaerobe
pectobacterium_carotovorum	aerobe
photorhabdus_cinerea	aerobe
plesiomonas_shigelloides	aerobe
proteus_mirabilis	aerobe
providencia_alcalifaciens	aerobe
providencia_heimbachae	aerobe
providencia_burhodogranariea	aerobe
providencia_sneebia	aerobe
raoultella_planticola	aerobe
raoultella_terrigena	aerobe
salmonella_enterica	aerobe
salmonella_bongori	aerobe
salmonella_subterranea	aerobe
serratia_proteamaculans	aerobe
serratia_liquefaciens	aerobe
serratia_entomophila	aerobe
serratia_marcescens	aerobe
serratia_ureilytica	aerobe
serratia_nematodiphila	aerobe
serratia_fonticola	aerobe
shigella_flexneri	aerobe
shigella_sonnei	aerobe
shigella_boydii	aerobe
sodalis_glossinidius	microaerophile
tatumella_citrea	aerobe
tatumella_punctata	aerobe
tatumella_terrea	aerobe
tatumella_morbirosei	facultative anaerobe
trabulsiella_odontotermitis	facultative anaerobe
xenorhabdus_poinarii	obligate anaerobe
yersinia_pseudotuberculosis	aerobe
yersinia_enterocolitica	aerobe
yersinia_similis	aerobe
yersinia_rohdei	aerobe
yersinia_aldovae	aerobe
yersinia_frederiksenii	aerobe
yersinia_bercovieri	aerobe
yersinia_massiliensis	aerobe
yersinia_entomophaga	aerobe
yersinia_nurmii	aerobe
yersinia_pekkanenii	aerobe
thorsellia_anophelis	aerobe
enterobacter_sakazakii	aerobe
cronobacter_turicensis	facultative anaerobe
cronobacter_dublinensis	aerobe
cronobacter_muytjensii	aerobe
mangrovibacter_plantisponsor	facultative anaerobe
shimwellia_pseudoproteus	aerobe
cosenzaea_myxofaciens	aerobe
lonsdalea_quercina	aerobe
catellicoccus_marimammalium	microaerophile
tetragenococcus_muriaticus	anaerobe
tetragenococcus_koreensis	microaerophile
tetragenococcus_halophilus	microaerophile
vagococcus_fluvialis	microaerophile
vagococcus_fessus	microaerophile
vagococcus_carniphilus	aerobe
vagococcus_elongatus	microaerophile
enterococcus_avium	microaerophile
enterococcus_casseliflavus	microaerophile
enterococcus_durans	microaerophile
enterococcus_faecalis	microaerophile
enterococcus_faecium	microaerophile
enterococcus_gallinarum	microaerophile
enterococcus_hirae	microaerophile
enterococcus_malodoratus	microaerophile
enterococcus_mundtii	microaerophile
enterococcus_cecorum	microaerophile
enterococcus_saccharolyticus	microaerophile
enterococcus_dispar	microaerophile
enterococcus_pseudoavium	microaerophile
enterococcus_raffinosus	microaerophile
enterococcus_sulfureus	microaerophile
enterococcus_columbae	microaerophile
enterococcus_asini	microaerophile
enterococcus_ratti	microaerophile
enterococcus_gilvus	microaerophile
enterococcus_moraviensis	aerobe
enterococcus_haemoperoxidus	aerobe
enterococcus_italicus	microaerophile
enterococcus_canis	microaerophile
enterococcus_hermanniensis	microaerophile
enterococcus_aquimarinus	microaerophile
enterococcus_canintestini	microaerophile
enterococcus_devriesei	microaerophile
enterococcus_termitis	microaerophile
enterococcus_thailandicus	microaerophile
enterococcus_viikkiensis	microaerophile
enterococcus_ureasiticus	microaerophile
enterococcus_plantarum	microaerophile
bavariicoccus_seileri	microaerophile
allobaculum_stercoricanis	anaerobe
bulleidia_extructa	anaerobe
catenibacterium_mitsuokai	anaerobe
erysipelothrix_tonsillarum	microaerophile
erysipelothrix_inopinata	microaerophile
holdemania_filiformis	anaerobe
turicibacter_sanguinis	anaerobe
solobacterium_moorei	anaerobe
sharpea_azabuensis	anaerobe
eggerthia_catenaformis	anaerobe
kandleria_vitulina	anaerobe
erythrobacter_litoralis	aerobe
porphyrobacter_donghaensis	aerobe
porphyrobacter_dokdonensis	aerobe
altererythrobacter_indicus	aerobe
acetobacterium_carbinolicum	anaerobe
acetobacterium_malicum	anaerobe
acetobacterium_wieringae	anaerobe
acetobacterium_woodii	anaerobe
acetobacterium_paludosum	anaerobe
acetobacterium_fimetarium	anaerobe
acetobacterium_bakii	anaerobe
acetobacterium_dehalogenans	anaerobe
acetobacterium_tundrae	anaerobe
alkalibacter_saccharofermentans	anaerobe
anaerofustis_stercorihominis	anaerobe
eubacterium_barkeri	anaerobe
holdemanella_biformis	anaerobe
eubacterium_brachy	anaerobe
clostridium_budayi	anaerobe
eubacterium_callanderi	anaerobe
clostridium_combesii	anaerobe
faecalitalea_cylindroides	anaerobe
eubacterium_dolichum	anaerobe
eubacterium_eligens	anaerobe
anaerostipes_hadrus	anaerobe
anaerobutyricum_hallii	anaerobe
anaerobutyricum_soehngenii	anaerobe
eubacterium_limosum	anaerobe
clostridium_moniliforme	anaerobe
eubacterium_multiforme	anaerobe
clostridium_nitritogenes	anaerobe
eubacterium_nodatum	anaerobe
eubacterium_oxidoreducens	anaerobe
eubacterium_ramulus	anaerobe
agathobacter_rectalis	anaerobe
eubacterium_siraeum	anaerobe
clostridium_tarantellae	anaerobe
eubacterium_tenue	anaerobe
eubacterium_tortuosum	anaerobe
eubacterium_ventriosum	anaerobe
eubacterium_aggregans	anaerobe
eubacterium_minutum	anaerobe
garciella_nitratireducens	anaerobe
pseudoramibacter_alactolyticus	anaerobe
alkalibaculum_bacchi	anaerobe
ferrimonas_senticii	facultative anaerobe
aequorivita_sublithincola	obligate aerobe
aequorivita_capsosiphonis	aerobe
algibacter_lectus	facultative anaerobe
arenibacter_latericius	aerobe
arenibacter_palladensis	aerobe
arenibacter_certesii	aerobe
arenibacter_echinorum	aerobe
capnocytophaga_gingivalis	microaerophile
capnocytophaga_ochracea	anaerobe
capnocytophaga_sputigena	microaerophile
capnocytophaga_haemolytica	facultative anaerobe
capnocytophaga_canimorsus	microaerophile
capnocytophaga_cynodegmi	microaerophile
capnocytophaga_leadbetteri	microaerophile
capnocytophaga_genospecies	microaerophile
cellulophaga_lytica	aerobe
cellulophaga_algicola	aerobe
cellulophaga_baltica	aerobe
cellulophaga_tyrosinoxydans	aerobe
dokdonia_donghaensis	aerobe
elizabethkingia_miricola	aerobe
chryseobacterium_tenax	aerobe
chryseobacterium_halperniae	aerobe
flavobacterium_saccharophilum	aerobe
flavobacterium_aquatile	aerobe
flavobacterium_succinicans	facultative anaerobe
flavobacterium_pectinovorum	aerobe
flavobacterium_psychrophilum	aerobe
flavobacterium_limicola	aerobe
flavobacterium_frigidimaris	aerobe
flavobacterium_suncheonense	aerobe
flavobacterium_daejeonense	aerobe
flavobacterium_granuli	aerobe
flavobacterium_terrigena	aerobe
flavobacterium_aquidurense	aerobe
flavobacterium_branchiophilum	aerobe
flavobacterium_tegetincola	aerobe
flavobacterium_antarcticum	aerobe
flavobacterium_saliperosum	aerobe
flavobacterium_soli	aerobe
flavobacterium_weaverense	aerobe
flavobacterium_segetis	aerobe
flavobacterium_indicum	aerobe
flavobacterium_terrae	aerobe
flavobacterium_cucumis	aerobe
flavobacterium_hercynium	aerobe
flavobacterium_filum	facultative anaerobe
flavobacterium_anhuiense	aerobe
flavobacterium_lindanitolerans	aerobe
flavobacterium_cheniae	aerobe
flavobacterium_resistens	aerobe
flavobacterium_sasangense	facultative anaerobe
flavobacterium_rivuli	aerobe
flavobacterium_subsaxonicum	aerobe
flavobacterium_reichenbachii	aerobe
flavobacterium_swingsii	aerobe
flavobacterium_fluvii	aerobe
flavobacterium_haoranii	aerobe
flavobacterium_araucananum	aerobe
flavobacterium_chilense	aerobe
flavobacterium_dankookense	aerobe
formosa_agariphila	facultative anaerobe
formosa_spongicola	aerobe
gaetbulibacter_saemankumensis	aerobe
aquimarina_brevivitae	aerobe
aquimarina_spongiae	aerobe
aquimarina_agarilytica	aerobe
gillisia_limnaea	aerobe
leeuwenhoekiella_palythoae	aerobe
maribacter_sedimenticola	aerobe
maribacter_orientalis	aerobe
maribacter_aquivivus	aerobe
maribacter_ulvicola	aerobe
maribacter_dokdonensis	aerobe
maribacter_polysiphoniae	aerobe
maribacter_forsetii	aerobe
maribacter_arcticus	aerobe
maribacter_antarcticus	aerobe
maribacter_stanieri	aerobe
mesonia_mobilis	obligate aerobe
mesonia_phycicola	aerobe
muricauda_ruestringensis	facultative anaerobe
myroides_marinus	aerobe
myroides_phaeus	aerobe
ornithobacterium_rhinotracheale	microaerophile
polaribacter_dokdonensis	aerobe
psychroflexus_tropicus	aerobe
psychroflexus_halocasei	aerobe
riemerella_anatipestifer	microaerophile
riemerella_columbina	microaerophile
riemerella_columbipharyngis	microaerophile
robiginitalea_biformata	aerobe
robiginitalea_myxolifaciens	aerobe
salegentibacter_flavus	aerobe
salegentibacter_holothuriorum	aerobe
salegentibacter_agarivorans	aerobe
salegentibacter_salarius	aerobe
salegentibacter_salinarum	aerobe
tenacibaculum_ovolyticum	aerobe
tenacibaculum_gallaicum	aerobe
tenacibaculum_discolor	aerobe
ulvibacter_antarcticus	aerobe
weeksella_virosa	microaerophile
zobellia_galactanivorans	aerobe
chryseobacterium_gleum	aerobe
chryseobacterium_defluvii	aerobe
chryseobacterium_taeanense	aerobe
chryseobacterium_joostei	aerobe
chryseobacterium_antarcticum	aerobe
chryseobacterium_jeonii	aerobe
chryseobacterium_daecheongense	aerobe
chryseobacterium_shigense	aerobe
chryseobacterium_formosense	aerobe
chryseobacterium_taichungense	aerobe
chryseobacterium_caeni	aerobe
chryseobacterium_wanjuense	aerobe
chryseobacterium_soldanellicola	aerobe
chryseobacterium_oranimense	aerobe
chryseobacterium_haifense	aerobe
chryseobacterium_gregarium	aerobe
chryseobacterium_daeguense	aerobe
chryseobacterium_bovis	facultative aerobe
chryseobacterium_luteum	aerobe
chryseobacterium_hungaricum	aerobe
chryseobacterium_hominis	aerobe
chryseobacterium_gambrini	aerobe
chryseobacterium_molle	aerobe
chryseobacterium_pallidum	aerobe
chryseobacterium_ureilyticum	aerobe
chryseobacterium_jejuense	aerobe
chryseobacterium_soli	aerobe
chryseobacterium_humi	aerobe
chryseobacterium_palustre	aerobe
chryseobacterium_solincola	aerobe
chryseobacterium_treverense	aerobe
chryseobacterium_culicis	aerobe
chryseobacterium_chaponense	aerobe
chryseobacterium_piperi	aerobe
bizionia_argentinensis	aerobe
bizionia_echini	aerobe
coenonia_anatina	microaerophile
gramella_portivictoriae	aerobe
lutibacter_maritimus	aerobe
mariniflexile_fucanivorans	aerobe
nonlabens_dokdonensis	aerobe
nonlabens_xylanidelens	aerobe
olleya_marilimosa	aerobe
olleya_aquimaris	aerobe
jejuia_pallidilutea	aerobe
zeaxanthinibacter_enoshimensis	aerobe
eudoraea_adriatica	aerobe
zunongwangia_profunda	obligate aerobe
joostella_marina	aerobe
salinimicrobium_catena	aerobe
salinimicrobium_xinjiangense	facultative aerobe
salinimicrobium_terrae	aerobe
kriegella_aquimaris	aerobe
hyunsoonleella_jejuensis	aerobe
muriicola_jejuensis	aerobe
soonwooa_buanensis	aerobe
flagellimonas_flava	aerobe
pricia_antarctica	aerobe
imtechella_halotolerans	aerobe
siphonobacter_aquaeclarae	facultative anaerobe
francisella_hispaniensis	aerobe
fangia_hongkongensis	aerobe
fusobacterium_naviforme	anaerobe
fusobacterium_necrophorum	anaerobe
fusobacterium_nucleatum	anaerobe
fusobacterium_canifelinum	anaerobe
fusobacterium_equinum	anaerobe
fusobacterium_gonidiaformans	anaerobe
fusobacterium_periodonticum	anaerobe
fusobacterium_simiae	anaerobe
fusobacterium_ulcerans	anaerobe
fusobacterium_varium	anaerobe
ilyobacter_polytropus	anaerobe
ilyobacter_tartaricus	anaerobe
ilyobacter_delafieldii	anaerobe
ilyobacter_insuetus	anaerobe
propionigenium_modestum	anaerobe
propionigenium_maris	anaerobe
cetobacterium_somerae	anaerobe
psychrilyobacter_atlanticus	anaerobe
geopsychrobacter_electrodiphilus	anaerobe
geothermobacter_ehrlichii	anaerobe
geobacter_metallireducens	anaerobe
geobacter_sulfurreducens	anaerobe
geobacter_chapellei	anaerobe
geobacter_grbiciae	anaerobe
geobacter_hydrogenophilus	anaerobe
geomonas_bremensis	anaerobe
geobacter_pelophilus	anaerobe
geomonas_bemidjiensis	anaerobe
geobacter_pickeringii	anaerobe
geobacter_lovleyi	anaerobe
geobacter_toluenoxydans	anaerobe
geobacter_daltonii	anaerobe
geoalkalibacter_ferrihydriticus	anaerobe
blastococcus_aggregatus	aerobe
blastococcus_saxobsidens	aerobe
blastococcus_jejuensis	aerobe
geodermatophilus_obscurus	microaerophile
geodermatophilus_dictyosporus	aerobe
geodermatophilus_amargosae	aerobe
geodermatophilus_arenarius	aerobe
geodermatophilus_siccatus	aerobe
geodermatophilus_telluris	aerobe
modestobacter_roseus	aerobe
modestobacter_multiseptatus	aerobe
modestobacter_versicolor	aerobe
glycomyces_algeriensis	aerobe
glycomyces_arizonensis	aerobe
glycomyces_lechevalierae	aerobe
glycomyces_endophyticus	aerobe
glycomyces_sambucus	aerobe
glycomyces_mayteni	aerobe
glycomyces_scopariae	aerobe
stackebrandtia_nassauensis	aerobe
haloglycomyces_albus	aerobe
hahella_ganghwensis	aerobe
halospina_denitrificans	facultative anaerobe
halanaerobium_acetethylicum	anaerobe
halanaerobium_alcaliphilum	anaerobe
halanaerobium_congolense	anaerobe
halanaerobium_lacusrosei	anaerobe
halanaerobium_praevalens	anaerobe
halarsenatibacter_silvermanii	obligate anaerobe
halomicrobium_katesii	aerobe
haloplanus_natans	aerobe
halorhabdus_tiamatea	anaerobe
haloterrigena_salina	aerobe
natronomonas_moolapensis	aerobe
halorubrum_ezzemoulense	aerobe
halorubrum_lipolyticum	aerobe
halorubrum_aidingense	aerobe
halorubrum_californiense	aerobe
halorubrum_luteum	aerobe
halostagnicola_larsenii	aerobe
halostagnicola_kamekurae	aerobe
haladaptatus_cibarius	aerobe
halopiger_aswanensis	aerobe
halonotius_pteroides	aerobe
halarchaeum_acidiphilum	anaerobe
acetohalobium_arabaticum	anaerobe
halanaerobacter_lacunarum	anaerobe
halanaerobacter_chitinivorans	anaerobe
halanaerobacter_salinarius	anaerobe
halanaerobacter_jeridensis	anaerobe
halobacteroides_elegans	anaerobe
halonatronum_saccharophilum	anaerobe
natroniella_acetigena	anaerobe
natroniella_sulfidigena	anaerobe
orenia_sivashensis	anaerobe
orenia_salinaria	anaerobe
sporohalobacter_lortetii	anaerobe
fuchsiella_alkaliacetigena	anaerobe
chromohalobacter_sarecensis	aerobe
chromohalobacter_nigrandesensis	aerobe
halovibrio_denitrificans	facultative anaerobe
halomonas_boliviensis	aerobe
halomonas_neptunia	facultative aerobe
halomonas_sulfidaeris	facultative aerobe
halomonas_axialensis	facultative aerobe
halomonas_hydrothermalis	facultative aerobe
halomonas_ventosae	aerobe
halomonas_anticariensis	aerobe
halomonas_organivorans	aerobe
halomonas_taeanensis	aerobe
halomonas_campaniensis	aerobe
halomonas_koreensis	aerobe
halomonas_almeriensis	aerobe
halomonas_denitrificans	aerobe
halomonas_janggokensis	aerobe
halomonas_gomseomensis	aerobe
halomonas_gudaonensis	aerobe
halomonas_shengliensis	aerobe
halomonas_andesensis	aerobe
halomonas_saccharevitans	aerobe
halomonas_arcis	aerobe
halomonas_subterranea	aerobe
halomonas_korlensis	facultative anaerobe
halomonas_ilicicola	aerobe
halomonas_cerina	aerobe
halomonas_nitroreducens	facultative aerobe
halomonas_caseinilytica	aerobe
halomonas_lutea	aerobe
halomonas_zhanjiangensis	aerobe
halomonas_hamiltonii	aerobe
halomonas_johnsoniae	aerobe
halomonas_stevensii	aerobe
halomonas_titanicae	aerobe
halomonas_vilamensis	aerobe
salinicola_salarius	aerobe
kushneria_avicenniae	aerobe
kushneria_aurantia	aerobe
kushneria_sinocarnis	aerobe
aidingimonas_halophila	facultative anaerobe
thioalkalibacter_halophilus	aerobe
helicobacter_cinaedi	microaerophile
helicobacter_pylori	microaerophile
helicobacter_fennelliae	microaerophile
helicobacter_muridarum	microaerophile
helicobacter_hepaticus	microaerophile
helicobacter_heilmannii	microaerophile
sulfuricurvum_kujiense	anaerobe
sulfurimonas_denitrificans	anaerobe
sulfurimonas_autotrophica	microaerophile
wolinella_succinogenes	anaerobe
sulfurovum_lithotrophicum	anaerobe
heliobacillus_mobilis	anaerobe
heliophilum_fasciatum	anaerobe
heliobacterium_chlorum	anaerobe
heliobacterium_modesticaldum	anaerobe
heliobacterium_gestii	anaerobe
heliobacterium_undosum	anaerobe
herpetosiphon_aurantiacus	aerobe
herpetosiphon_giganteus	aerobe
herpetosiphon_gulosus	aerobe
herpetosiphon_geysericola	aerobe
hydrogenophilus_islandicus	aerobe
tepidiphilus_succinatimandens	aerobe
annwoodia_aquaesulis	anaerobe
thiobacillus_denitrificans	facultative anaerobe
thiobacillus_thiophilus	facultative anaerobe
angulomicrobium_amanitiforme	aerobe
blastochloris_sulfoviridis	anaerobe
blastochloris_viridis	anaerobe
blastochloris_gulmargensis	anaerobe
devosia_limi	aerobe
devosia_subaequoris	aerobe
devosia_geojensis	aerobe
devosia_chinhatensis	aerobe
devosia_yakushimensis	aerobe
devosia_glacialis	aerobe
devosia_psychrophila	aerobe
rhodoplanes_roseus	anaerobe
rhodoplanes_elegans	anaerobe
rhodoplanes_serenus	anaerobe
rhodoplanes_piscinae	facultative anaerobe
rhodomicrobium_vannielii	anaerobe
maritalea_myrionectae	aerobe
cucumibacter_marinus	aerobe
hirschia_baltica	aerobe
hirschia_maritima	aerobe
woodsholea_maritima	aerobe
hellea_balneolensis	aerobe
henriciella_litoralis	aerobe
robiginitomaculum_antarcticum	aerobe
idiomarina_ramblicola	aerobe
pseudidiomarina_taiwanensis	aerobe
pseudidiomarina_salinarum	aerobe
pseudidiomarina_sediminum	facultative anaerobe
aliidiomarina_maris	aerobe
arsenicicoccus_piscis	microaerophile
intrasporangium_oryzae	aerobe
intrasporangium_chromatireducens	aerobe
intrasporangium_mesophilum	aerobe
janibacter_limosus	microaerophile
janibacter_melonis	aerobe
janibacter_anophelis	aerobe
janibacter_hoylei	aerobe
knoellia_sinensis	aerobe
knoellia_subterranea	aerobe
knoellia_aerolata	aerobe
knoellia_flava	aerobe
ornithinicoccus_hortensis	aerobe
ornithinimicrobium_kibberense	aerobe
ornithinimicrobium_pekingense	aerobe
ornithinimicrobium_murale	aerobe
oryzihumus_leptocrescens	aerobe
serinicoccus_marinus	aerobe
serinicoccus_profundi	aerobe
terrabacter_lapilli	aerobe
terrabacter_aerolatus	aerobe
terrabacter_terrigena	aerobe
terrabacter_aeriphilus	aerobe
phycicoccus_elongatus	aerobe
lapillicoccus_jejuensis	aerobe
pedococcus_aerophilus	aerobe
pedococcus_ginsenosidimutans	aerobe
pedococcus_dokdonensis	aerobe
pedococcus_bigeumensis	aerobe
kribbia_dieselivorans	aerobe
humibacillus_xanthopallidus	aerobe
marihabitans_asiaticum	aerobe
fodinibacter_luteus	aerobe
ornithinibacter_aureus	aerobe
aquipuribacter_hungaricus	aerobe
kineococcus_aurantiacus	microaerophile
kineococcus_xinjiangensis	aerobe
quadrisphaera_granulorum	aerobe
acetitomaculum_ruminis	anaerobe
anaerostipes_caccae	anaerobe
anaerostipes_butyraticus	anaerobe
butyrivibrio_crossotus	anaerobe
butyrivibrio_fibrisolvens	anaerobe
butyrivibrio_hungatei	anaerobe
dorea_formicigenerans	anaerobe
dorea_longicatena	anaerobe
hespellia_stercorisuis	anaerobe
hespellia_porcina	anaerobe
lachnobacterium_bovis	anaerobe
lachnospira_multipara	anaerobe
oribacterium_sinus	anaerobe
parasporobacterium_paucivorans	anaerobe
pseudobutyrivibrio_ruminis	anaerobe
pseudobutyrivibrio_xylanivorans	anaerobe
roseburia_hominis	anaerobe
roseburia_faecis	anaerobe
roseburia_inulinivorans	anaerobe
shuttleworthia_satelles	anaerobe
sporobacterium_olearium	anaerobe
syntrophococcus_sucromutans	anaerobe
moryella_indoligenes	anaerobe
marvinbryantia_formatexigens	anaerobe
cellulosilyticum_lentocellum	anaerobe
lachnoanaerobaculum_saburreum	anaerobe
lachnoanaerobaculum_umeaense	anaerobe
lachnoanaerobaculum_orale	anaerobe
pediococcus_acidilactici	microaerophile
pediococcus_damnosus	microaerophile
pediococcus_stilesii	microaerophile
pediococcus_ethanolidurans	microaerophile
pediococcus_argentinicus	aerobe
lactobacillus_acetotolerans	anaerobe
lactobacillus_acidophilus	anaerobe
lactobacillus_alimentarius	anaerobe
lactobacillus_amylovorus	microaerophile
lactobacillus_animalis	microaerophile
lactobacillus_aviarius	anaerobe
lactobacillus_bifermentans	anaerobe
lactobacillus_rhamnosus	microaerophile
lactobacillus_crispatus	anaerobe
lactobacillus_curvatus	microaerophile
lactobacillus_delbrueckii	anaerobe
lactobacillus_fermentum	microaerophile
lactobacillus_fructivorans	anaerobe
lactobacillus_gasseri	microaerophile
lactobacillus_helveticus	anaerobe
lactobacillus_jensenii	anaerobe
lactobacillus_murinus	microaerophile
lactobacillus_oris	anaerobe
lactobacillus_pentosus	microaerophile
lactobacillus_plantarum	microaerophile
lactobacillus_reuteri	microaerophile
lactobacillus_ruminis	anaerobe
lactobacillus_sharpeae	anaerobe
lactobacillus_suebicus	anaerobe
lactobacillus_dextrinicus	microaerophile
lactobacillus_intestinalis	anaerobe
lactobacillus_hamsteri	anaerobe
lactobacillus_parabuchneri	anaerobe
lactobacillus_paracasei	microaerophile
lactobacillus_vaginalis	anaerobe
lactobacillus_pontis	anaerobe
lactobacillus_gallinarum	anaerobe
lactobacillus_kefiranofaciens	anaerobe
lactobacillus_parakefiri	anaerobe
lactobacillus_sakei	microaerophile
lactobacillus_amylolyticus	anaerobe
lactobacillus_kunkeei	aerobe
lactobacillus_panis	anaerobe
lactobacillus_frumenti	anaerobe
lactobacillus_paralimentarius	anaerobe
lactobacillus_iners	anaerobe
lactobacillus_mucosae	anaerobe
lactobacillus_fuchuensis	anaerobe
lactobacillus_mindensis	anaerobe
lactobacillus_versmoldensis	aerobe
lactobacillus_psittaci	microaerophile
lactobacillus_spicheri	microaerophile
lactobacillus_paracollinoides	microaerophile
lactobacillus_vaccinostercus	anaerobe
lactobacillus_rossiae	microaerophile
lactobacillus_ingluviei	anaerobe
lactobacillus_saerimneri	anaerobe
lactobacillus_antri	anaerobe
lactobacillus_kalixensis	anaerobe
lactobacillus_gastricus	anaerobe
lactobacillus_ultunensis	anaerobe
lactobacillus_satsumensis	microaerophile
lactobacillus_hammesii	microaerophile
lactobacillus_kitasatonis	microaerophile
lactobacillus_nantensis	anaerobe
lactobacillus_harbinensis	microaerophile
lactobacillus_apodemi	anaerobe
lactobacillus_brevis	anaerobe
lactobacillus_ghanensis	anaerobe
lactobacillus_siliginis	anaerobe
lactobacillus_salivarius	microaerophile
lactobacillus_secaliphilus	microaerophile
lactobacillus_camelliae	microaerophile
lactobacillus_thailandensis	microaerophile
lactobacillus_hordei	microaerophile
lactobacillus_hayakitensis	anaerobe
lactobacillus_ceti	anaerobe
lactobacillus_capillatus	facultative anaerobe
lactobacillus_uvarum	microaerophile
lactobacillus_kisonensis	microaerophile
lactobacillus_otakiensis	microaerophile
lactobacillus_rapi	microaerophile
lactobacillus_sunkii	microaerophile
lactobacillus_taiwanensis	microaerophile
lactobacillus_aquaticus	microaerophile
lactobacillus_ozensis	microaerophile
legionella_bozemanae	microaerophile
legionella_gormanii	microaerophile
legionella_dumoffii	microaerophile
legionella_pneumophila	microaerophile
legionella_longbeachae	microaerophile
legionella_rubrilucens	microaerophile
legionella_anisa	microaerophile
legionella_erythra	microaerophile
legionella_feeleii	microaerophile
legionella_yabuuchiae	microaerophile
legionella_brunensis	microaerophile
legionella_jordanis	microaerophile
legionella_oakridgensis	microaerophile
legionella_sainthelensi	microaerophile
legionella_wadsworthii	microaerophile
legionella_hackeliae	microaerophile
legionella_spiritensis	microaerophile
legionella_parisiensis	microaerophile
legionella_cherrii	microaerophile
legionella_steigerwaltii	microaerophile
legionella_santicrucis	microaerophile
legionella_tucsonensis	microaerophile
legionella_quinlivanii	microaerophile
legionella_gratiana	microaerophile
legionella_geestiana	microaerophile
legionella_nautarum	microaerophile
legionella_londiniensis	microaerophile
legionella_worsleiensis	microaerophile
legionella_lansingensis	microaerophile
legionella_waltersii	microaerophile
legionella_taurinensis	microaerophile
legionella_gresilensis	microaerophile
legionella_beliardensis	microaerophile
legionella_busanensis	microaerophile
legionella_dresdenensis	microaerophile
legionella_pittsburghensis	microaerophile
legionella_maceachernii	microaerophile
leptospira_terpstrae	aerobe
leptospira_yanagawae	aerobe
oenococcus_kitaharae	microaerophile
leuconostoc_lactis	microaerophile
leuconostoc_mesenteroides	microaerophile
leuconostoc_citreum	microaerophile
leuconostoc_gelidum	microaerophile
leuconostoc_suionicum	facultative anaerobe
weissella_confusa	microaerophile
weissella_minor	anaerobe
weissella_soli	anaerobe
weissella_koreensis	anaerobe
weissella_thailandensis	microaerophile
weissella_cibaria	microaerophile
brochothrix_thermosphacta	aerobe
listeria_ivanovii	aerobe
listeria_marthii	microaerophile
listeria_rocourtiae	facultative anaerobe
methanobacterium_thermautotrophicum	anaerobe
methanobacterium_thermalcaliphilum	anaerobe
methanothermobacter_wolfei	anaerobe
methanothermobacter_thermophilus	anaerobe
methanothermobacter_defluvii	anaerobe
methanothermobacter_thermoflexus	anaerobe
methanothermobacter_marburgensis	anaerobe
methanothermobacter_crinale	anaerobe
methanobacterium_alcaliphilum	anaerobe
methanobacterium_bryantii	anaerobe
methanobacterium_formicicum	anaerobe
methanobacterium_palustre	anaerobe
methanobacterium_thermaggregans	anaerobe
methanobacterium_espanolae	anaerobe
methanobacterium_subterraneum	anaerobe
methanobacterium_oryzae	anaerobe
methanobacterium_congolense	anaerobe
methanobacterium_beijingense	anaerobe
methanobacterium_aarhusense	anaerobe
methanobacterium_veterum	anaerobe
methanobacterium_arcticum	anaerobe
methanobacterium_ferruginis	anaerobe
methanobacterium_petrolearium	anaerobe
methanobacterium_kanagiense	anaerobe
methanobacterium_flexile	anaerobe
methanobacterium_movens	anaerobe
methanobacterium_lacus	anaerobe
methanobrevibacter_arboriphilus	anaerobe
methanobrevibacter_ruminantium	anaerobe
methanobrevibacter_smithii	anaerobe
methanobrevibacter_gottschalkii	anaerobe
methanobrevibacter_oralis	anaerobe
methanobrevibacter_curvatus	anaerobe
methanobrevibacter_cuticularis	anaerobe
methanobrevibacter_filiformis	anaerobe
methanobrevibacter_thaueri	anaerobe
methanobrevibacter_woesei	anaerobe
methanobrevibacter_olleyae	anaerobe
methanobrevibacter_millerae	anaerobe
methanosphaera_cuniculi	anaerobe
methanosphaera_stadtmanae	anaerobe
methanocaldococcus_jannaschii	anaerobe
methanocaldococcus_infernus	anaerobe
methanocaldococcus_vulcanius	anaerobe
methanocaldococcus_fervens	anaerobe
methanocaldococcus_indicus	anaerobe
methanocaldococcus_villosus	anaerobe
methanotorris_igneus	anaerobe
methanotorris_formicicus	anaerobe
methanococcus_maripaludis	anaerobe
methanococcus_vannielii	anaerobe
methanococcus_voltae	anaerobe
methanococcus_aeolicus	anaerobe
methanothermococcus_thermolithotrophicus	anaerobe
methanothermococcus_okinawensis	anaerobe
methanocorpusculum_bavaricum	anaerobe
methanocorpusculum_labreanum	anaerobe
methanocorpusculum_aggregans	anaerobe
methanocorpusculum_sinense	anaerobe
methanogenium_tationis	anaerobe
methanofollis_liminatans	anaerobe
methanofollis_aquaemaris	anaerobe
methanofollis_formosanus	anaerobe
methanoculleus_bourgensis	anaerobe
methanoculleus_marisnigri	anaerobe
methanoculleus_thermophilus	anaerobe
methanoculleus_palmolei	anaerobe
methanoculleus_chikugoensis	anaerobe
methanoculleus_submarinus	anaerobe
methanoculleus_receptaculi	anaerobe
methanogenium_cariaci	anaerobe
methanogenium_organophilum	anaerobe
methanogenium_marinum	anaerobe
methanogenium_frigidum	anaerobe
methanogenium_boonei	anaerobe
methanolacinia_paynteri	anaerobe
methanomicrobium_mobile	anaerobe
methanoplanus_endosymbiosus	anaerobe
methanoplanus_limicola	anaerobe
methanolacinia_petrolearia	anaerobe
methanopyrus_kandleri	anaerobe
methanothrix_soehngenii	anaerobe
methanothrix_thermoacetophila	anaerobe
methanosaeta_pelagica	anaerobe
methanomethylovorans_hollandica	anaerobe
methanomethylovorans_thermophila	anaerobe
methanosalsum_zhilinae	anaerobe
methanimicrococcus_blatticola	anaerobe
methanococcoides_methylutens	anaerobe
methanococcoides_burtonii	anaerobe
methanococcoides_alaskense	anaerobe
methanohalobium_evestigatum	anaerobe
methanohalophilus_halophilus	anaerobe
methanohalophilus_mahii	anaerobe
methanohalophilus_portucalensis	anaerobe
methanohalophilus_euhalobius	anaerobe
methanolobus_tindarius	anaerobe
methanolobus_vulcani	anaerobe
methanohalophilus_oregonensis	anaerobe
methanolobus_taylorii	anaerobe
methanolobus_bombayensis	anaerobe
methanolobus_profundi	anaerobe
methanolobus_zinderi	anaerobe
methanosarcina_siciliae	anaerobe
methanosarcina_acetivorans	anaerobe
methanosarcina_barkeri	anaerobe
methanosarcina_mazei	anaerobe
methanosarcina_thermophila	anaerobe
methanosarcina_vacuolata	anaerobe
methanosarcina_baltica	anaerobe
methanosarcina_lacustris	anaerobe
methanosarcina_horonobensis	anaerobe
methanospirillum_hungatei	anaerobe
methanospirillum_lacunae	anaerobe
methanothermus_fervidus	anaerobe
methanothermus_sociabilis	anaerobe
neomegalonema_perideroedes	aerobe
methylobacterium_radiotolerans	aerobe
methylobacterium_fujisawaense	aerobe
methylorubrum_rhodesianum	aerobe
methylorubrum_suomiense	aerobe
methylorubrum_podarium	aerobe
methylobacterium_hispanicum	aerobe
methylobacterium_aquaticum	aerobe
methylobacterium_variabile	aerobe
methylobacterium_isbiliense	aerobe
methylobacterium_adhaesivum	aerobe
methylobacterium_oryzae	aerobe
methylobacterium_aerolatum	aerobe
methylobacterium_iners	aerobe
methylobacterium_brachiatum	aerobe
methylobacterium_tardum	aerobe
methylobacterium_gregans	aerobe
methylobacterium_komagatae	aerobe
methylobacterium_persicinum	aerobe
methylobacterium_phyllosphaerae	aerobe
methylobacterium_marchantiae	aerobe
methylobacterium_bullatum	aerobe
methylobacterium_cerastii	aerobe
methylobacterium_gnaphalii	aerobe
microvirga_aerilata	aerobe
microvirga_aerophila	aerobe
methylohalobius_crimeensis	aerobe
methylotuvimicrobium_alcaliphilum	aerobe
methylotuvimicrobium_kenyense	aerobe
methylosarcina_fibrata	aerobe
methylosarcina_quisquiliarum	aerobe
methylosoma_difficile	microaerophile
methylovulum_miyakonense	aerobe
methylocystis_heyeri	aerobe
methylocystis_hirsuta	aerobe
methylocystis_bryophila	aerobe
pleomorphomonas_koreensis	aerobe
hansschlegelia_zhihuaiae	aerobe
methylobacillus_pratensis	aerobe
methylobacillus_gramineus	aerobe
methylobacillus_arboreus	aerobe
methylophilus_methylotrophus	aerobe
methylophilus_glucosoxydans	aerobe
methylophilus_flavus	aerobe
methylophilus_luteus	aerobe
methylovorus_menthalis	aerobe
agrococcus_jenensis	aerobe
agrococcus_lahaulensis	microaerophile
agrococcus_casei	aerobe
agrococcus_versicolor	aerobe
agrococcus_jejuensis	aerobe
agromyces_ulmi	aerobe
agromyces_neolithicus	aerobe
agromyces_salentinus	aerobe
agromyces_lapidis	aerobe
agromyces_humatus	aerobe
agromyces_italicus	aerobe
agromyces_subbeticus	aerobe
agromyces_fucosus	aerobe
agromyces_allii	aerobe
agromyces_terreus	aerobe
agromyces_atrinae	aerobe
agromyces_bauzanensis	aerobe
cryobacterium_psychrotolerans	aerobe
cryobacterium_mesophilum	aerobe
cryobacterium_roopkundense	aerobe
cryobacterium_luteum	aerobe
curtobacterium_luteum	aerobe
curtobacterium_ammoniigenes	aerobe
parafrigoribacterium_mesophilum	aerobe
gulosibacter_molinativorax	aerobe
gulosibacter_chungangensis	aerobe
klugiella_xanthotipulae	aerobe
leifsonia_shinshuensis	aerobe
leifsonia_naganoensis	aerobe
leifsonia_poae	aerobe
leifsonia_bigeumensis	aerobe
microterricola_pindariensis	aerobe
pseudolysinimonas_kribbensis	aerobe
leifsonia_soli	aerobe
leucobacter_albus	aerobe
leucobacter_tardus	aerobe
leucobacter_chironomi	aerobe
leucobacter_aerolatus	aerobe
microbacterium_barkeri	aerobe
microbacterium_saperdae	aerobe
microbacterium_laevaniformans	aerobe
microbacterium_liquefaciens	aerobe
microbacterium_aurum	microaerophile
microbacterium_dextranolyticum	aerobe
microbacterium_paraoxydans	aerobe
microbacterium_hydrocarbonoxydans	aerobe
microbacterium_halotolerans	aerobe
microbacterium_ulmi	aerobe
microbacterium_natoriense	aerobe
microbacterium_paludicola	aerobe
microbacterium_koreense	aerobe
microbacterium_hatanonis	aerobe
microbacterium_sediminicola	aerobe
microbacterium_marinilacus	aerobe
microbacterium_kribbense	aerobe
microbacterium_profundi	aerobe
microbacterium_binotii	aerobe
microbacterium_invictum	aerobe
microbacterium_insulae	aerobe
microbacterium_soli	aerobe
microbacterium_agarici	aerobe
microbacterium_humi	aerobe
microbacterium_pseudoresistens	aerobe
microbacterium_azadirachtae	aerobe
microbacterium_lindanitolerans	aerobe
microbacterium_radiodurans	aerobe
microbacterium_ginsengiterrae	aerobe
microbacterium_arthrosphaerae	microaerophile
microbacterium_yannicii	microaerophile
microbacterium_amylolyticum	aerobe
microbacterium_murale	aerobe
microbacterium_neimengense	aerobe
microbacterium_sediminis	aerobe
mycetocola_reblochoni	aerobe
pseudoclavibacter_helvolus	aerobe
gulosibacter_faecalis	aerobe
gulosibacter_bifidus	aerobe
pseudoclavibacter_soli	aerobe
pseudoclavibacter_chungangensis	aerobe
pseudoclavibacter_caeni	aerobe
salinibacterium_xinjiangense	aerobe
subtercola_boreus	aerobe
subtercola_frigoramans	aerobe
labedella_gwakjiensis	aerobe
humibacter_albus	aerobe
microterricola_viridarii	aerobe
microterricola_gilva	aerobe
frondihabitans_australicus	aerobe
frondihabitans_peucedani	aerobe
glaciibacter_superstes	aerobe
chryseoglobus_frigidaquae	aerobe
marisediminicola_antarctica	aerobe
amnibacterium_kyonggiense	aerobe
herbiconiux_ginsengi	aerobe
herbiconiux_moechotypicola	aerobe
herbiconiux_flava	aerobe
compostimonas_suwonensis	aerobe
gryllotalpicola_ginsengisoli	aerobe
alpinimonas_psychrophila	microaerophile
acaricomes_phytoseiuli	aerobe
arthrobacter_alkaliphilus	aerobe
arthrobacter_citreus	aerobe
paenarthrobacter_histidinolovorans	aerobe
glutamicibacter_nicotianae	aerobe
pseudarthrobacter_oxydans	aerobe
arthrobacter_pascens	aerobe
pseudoglutamicibacter_albus	aerobe
arthrobacter_russicus	aerobe
paenarthrobacter_nitroguajacolicus	aerobe
paeniglutamicibacter_psychrophenolicus	aerobe
glutamicibacter_bergerei	aerobe
arthrobacter_castelli	aerobe
arthrobacter_parietis	aerobe
arthrobacter_pigmenti	aerobe
arthrobacter_monumenti	aerobe
arthrobacter_tumbae	aerobe
arthrobacter_tecti	aerobe
paeniglutamicibacter_kerguelensis	aerobe
paeniglutamicibacter_gangotriensis	aerobe
arthrobacter_koreensis	aerobe
arthrobacter_stackebrandtii	aerobe
arthrobacter_humicola	aerobe
arthrobacter_oryzae	aerobe
pseudarthrobacter_defluvii	aerobe
haematomicrobium_sanguinis	microaerophile
pseudarthrobacter_phenanthrenivorans	aerobe
arthrobacter_psychrochitiniphilus	aerobe
arthrobacter_alpinus	aerobe
pseudarthrobacter_equi	aerobe
arthrobacter_cryoconiti	aerobe
arthrobacter_cupressi	aerobe
citricoccus_muralis	aerobe
citricoccus_alkalitolerans	aerobe
citricoccus_parietis	aerobe
citricoccus_zhacaiensis	aerobe
citricoccus_nitrophenolicus	aerobe
kocuria_rosea	aerobe
kocuria_palustris	aerobe
kocuria_rhizophila	aerobe
kocuria_polaris	aerobe
kocuria_marina	aerobe
kocuria_himachalensis	aerobe
kocuria_aegyptia	aerobe
rothia_halotolerans	aerobe
kocuria_flava	aerobe
kocuria_turfanensis	aerobe
rothia_koreensis	aerobe
kocuria_atrinae	aerobe
kocuria_salsicia	aerobe
micrococcus_luteus	aerobe
micrococcus_lylae	aerobe
micrococcus_flavus	aerobe
micrococcus_endophyticus	aerobe
micrococcus_yunnanensis	aerobe
micrococcus_cohnii	aerobe
nesterenkonia_halobia	aerobe
nesterenkonia_lacusekhoensis	aerobe
nesterenkonia_aethiopica	aerobe
nesterenkonia_flava	aerobe
rothia_mucilaginosa	microaerophile
rothia_dentocariosa	microaerophile
rothia_nasimurium	microaerophile
rothia_amarae	microaerophile
rothia_terrae	aerobe
zhihengliuella_halotolerans	aerobe
zhihengliuella_alba	aerobe
yaniella_halotolerans	aerobe
sinomonas_soli	aerobe
auritidibacter_ignavus	aerobe
enteractinococcus_fodinae	aerobe
actinocatenispora_thailandica	aerobe
actinocatenispora_rupis	aerobe
actinoplanes_missouriensis	aerobe
actinoplanes_friuliensis	aerobe
actinoplanes_couchii	aerobe
actinoplanes_sichuanensis	aerobe
actinoplanes_xinjiangensis	aerobe
actinoplanes_tereljensis	aerobe
actinoplanes_toevensis	aerobe
actinoplanes_abujensis	aerobe
asanoa_iriomotensis	aerobe
catellatospora_bangladeshensis	aerobe
catellatospora_chokoriensis	aerobe
catellatospora_coxensis	aerobe
dactylosporangium_darangshiense	aerobe
dactylosporangium_luridum	aerobe
dactylosporangium_luteum	aerobe
dactylosporangium_salmoneum	aerobe
micromonospora_eburnea	aerobe
micromonospora_mirobrigensis	aerobe
micromonospora_saelicesensis	aerobe
micromonospora_lupini	aerobe
micromonospora_rifamycinica	aerobe
micromonospora_chaiyaphumensis	aerobe
micromonospora_pisi	aerobe
micromonospora_marina	aerobe
micromonospora_rhizosphaerae	aerobe
micromonospora_yangpuensis	aerobe
micromonospora_cremea	aerobe
micromonospora_zamorensis	aerobe
polymorphospora_rubra	aerobe
salinispora_tropica	aerobe
salinispora_arenicola	aerobe
micromonospora_lutea	aerobe
micromonospora_sediminimaris	aerobe
micromonospora_qiuiae	aerobe
planosporangium_flavigriseum	aerobe
pseudosporangium_ferrugineum	aerobe
plantactinospora_mayteni	aerobe
plantactinospora_siamensis	aerobe
plantactinospora_endophytica	aerobe
rugosimonospora_acidiphila	aerobe
rugosimonospora_africana	aerobe
phytohabitans_suffuscus	aerobe
allocatelliglobosispora_scoriae	aerobe
micromonospora_endophytica	aerobe
acinetobacter_junii	aerobe
acinetobacter_johnsonii	aerobe
acinetobacter_radioresistens	aerobe
acinetobacter_guillouiae	aerobe
acinetobacter_towneri	aerobe
acinetobacter_baylyi	aerobe
acinetobacter_tjernbergiae	aerobe
acinetobacter_bouvetii	aerobe
acinetobacter_schindleri	aerobe
acinetobacter_ursingii	aerobe
acinetobacter_marinus	aerobe
acinetobacter_seohaensis	aerobe
acinetobacter_brisouii	aerobe
acinetobacter_beijerinckii	aerobe
acinetobacter_gyllenbergii	aerobe
acinetobacter_soli	aerobe
acinetobacter_venetianus	aerobe
acinetobacter_bereziniae	aerobe
acinetobacter_pittii	aerobe
acinetobacter_rudis	aerobe
acinetobacter_indicus	aerobe
moraxella_nonliquefaciens	microaerophile
moraxella_bovis	aerobe
moraxella_atlantae	microaerophile
moraxella_boevrei	aerobe
moraxella_oblonga	aerobe
moraxella_caviae	microaerophile
moraxella_lincolnii	aerobe
moraxella_caprae	aerobe
moraxella_pluranimalium	aerobe
moraxella_porci	aerobe
psychrobacter_urativorans	aerobe
psychrobacter_glacincola	aerobe
psychrobacter_frigidicola	aerobe
psychrobacter_maritimus	aerobe
psychrobacter_alimentarius	aerobe
psychrobacter_pulmonis	aerobe
psychrobacter_cibarius	aerobe
psychrobacter_aquimaris	anaerobe
psychrobacter_aquaticus	aerobe
psychrobacter_namhaensis	anaerobe
psychrobacter_cryohalolentis	aerobe
psychrobacter_arcticus	aerobe
psychrobacter_celer	anaerobe
psychrobacter_lutiphocae	aerobe
perlucidibaca_piscinae	facultative aerobe
paraperlucidibaca_baekdonensis	aerobe
moritella_dasanensis	aerobe
paramoritella_alkaliphila	facultative anaerobe
mycobacterium_chitae	microaerophile
mycobacterium_farcinogenes	microaerophile
mycobacterium_neumannii	facultative anaerobe
mycobacterium_lehmannii	facultative anaerobe
mycobacterium_longobardum	microaerophile
mycobacterium_parakoreense	aerobe
mycobacterium_terrae	aerobe
mycobacterium_szulgai	aerobe
mycobacterium_aurum	aerobe
mycobacterium_intracellulare	microaerophile
mycobacterium_duvalii	microaerophile
mycobacterium_confluentis	aerobe
mycobacterium_malmoense	microaerophile
mycobacterium_asiaticum	microaerophile
mycobacterium_interjectum	microaerophile
mycobacterium_obuense	aerobe
mycobacterium_neoaurum	aerobe
mycobacterium_gadium	microaerophile
mycobacterium_fallax	aerobe
mycobacterium_hodleri	aerobe
mycobacterium_hassiacum	aerobe
mycobacterium_agri	microaerophile
mycobacterium_chubuense	aerobe
mycobacterium_fortuitum	microaerophile
mycobacterium_moriokaense	aerobe
mycobacterium_pulveris	aerobe
mycobacterium_porcinum	aerobe
mycobacterium_doricum	aerobe
mycobacterium_murale	aerobe
mycobacterium_septicum	aerobe
mycobacterium_holsaticum	aerobe
mycobacterium_heckeshornense	microaerophile
mycobacterium_botniense	aerobe
mycobacterium_branderi	microaerophile
mycobacterium_haemophilum	aerobe
mycobacterium_boenickei	aerobe
mycobacterium_neworleansense	aerobe
mycobacterium_brisbanense	aerobe
mycobacterium_canariasense	microaerophile
mycobacterium_cosmeticum	aerobe
mycobacterium_arupense	aerobe
mycobacterium_stomatepiae	aerobe
mycobacterium_abscessus	microaerophile
mycobacterium_phocaicum	microaerophile
mycobacterium_aubagnense	aerobe
mycobacterium_conceptionense	aerobe
mycobacterium_kumamotonense	aerobe
mycobacterium_chelonae	aerobe
mycobacterium_llatzerense	aerobe
mycobacterium_aromaticivorans	aerobe
mycobacterium_crocinum	aerobe
mycobacterium_pallens	aerobe
mycobacterium_rufum	aerobe
mycobacterium_rutilum	aerobe
mycobacterium_riyadhense	microaerophile
mycobacterium_vulneris	microaerophile
mycobacterium_europaeum	microaerophile
mycobacterium_litorale	aerobe
hoyosella_subflava	aerobe
mesomycoplasma_hyorhinis	aerobe
mycoplasmoides_pneumoniae	aerobe
mycoplasmopsis_sturni	aerobe
malacoplasma_microti	aerobe
ureaplasma_felinum	aerobe
nakamurella_lactea	aerobe
lebetimonas_acidiphila	anaerobe
nitratifractor_salsuginis	facultative anaerobe
nitratiruptor_tergarcus	facultative anaerobe
thioreductor_micantisoli	anaerobe
caminibacter_hydrogeniphilus	anaerobe
caminibacter_profundus	anaerobe
caminibacter_mediatlanticus	anaerobe
nautilia_lithotrophica	anaerobe
nautilia_profundicola	anaerobe
nautilia_abyssi	anaerobe
alysiella_filiformis	microaerophile
aquaspirillum_polymorphum	aerobe
chitinibacter_tainanensis	aerobe
chitinibacter_alvei	aerobe
chromobacterium_subtsugae	aerobe
chromobacterium_haemolyticum	aerobe
chromobacterium_aquaticum	aerobe
chromobacterium_piscinae	aerobe
chromobacterium_violaceum	aerobe
formivibrio_citricus	anaerobe
kingella_kingae	microaerophile
kingella_oralis	microaerophile
kingella_potus	microaerophile
neisseria_lactamica	microaerophile
neisseria_mucosa	microaerophile
neisseria_gonorrhoeae	microaerophile
neisseria_meningitidis	microaerophile
neisseria_weaveri	microaerophile
neisseria_elongata	microaerophile
neisseria_sicca	microaerophile
neisseria_canis	aerobe
neisseria_animalis	microaerophile
neisseria_macacae	aerobe
neisseria_polysaccharea	microaerophile
neisseria_dentiae	microaerophile
neisseria_bacilliformis	microaerophile
neisseria_animaloris	microaerophile
neisseria_zoodegmatis	microaerophile
neisseria_shayeganii	microaerophile
neisseria_wadsworthii	microaerophile
andreprevotia_chitinilytica	aerobe
andreprevotia_lacus	aerobe
silvimonas_terrae	facultative anaerobe
silvimonas_amylolytica	facultative anaerobe
silvimonas_iriomotensis	facultative anaerobe
uruburuella_suis	aerobe
vogesella_perlucida	aerobe
vogesella_lacus	aerobe
vogesella_mureinivorans	anaerobe
aquitalea_magnusonii	facultative anaerobe
aquitalea_denitrificans	facultative anaerobe
deefgea_rivuli	facultative anaerobe
deefgea_chitinilytica	aerobe
stenoxybacter_acetivorans	microaerophile
gulbenkiania_indica	aerobe
leeia_oryzae	aerobe
microvirgula_aerodenitrificans	aerobe
chitinilyticum_aquatile	facultative anaerobe
chitinilyticum_litopenaei	facultative anaerobe
paludibacterium_yongneupense	facultative anaerobe
pseudogulbenkiania_subflava	aerobe
jeongeupia_naejangsanensis	facultative anaerobe
thermodesulfovibrio_yellowstonii	anaerobe
thermodesulfovibrio_islandicus	anaerobe
thermodesulfovibrio_hydrogeniphilus	anaerobe
thermodesulfovibrio_aggregans	anaerobe
thermodesulfovibrio_thiophilus	anaerobe
gordonia_terrae	microaerophile
gordonia_sputi	microaerophile
gordonia_hydrophobica	aerobe
gordonia_hirsuta	aerobe
gordonia_amicalis	aerobe
gordonia_westfalica	aerobe
gordonia_otitidis	aerobe
gordonia_araii	aerobe
gordonia_malaquae	aerobe
gordonia_wrightpattersonensis	microaerophile
gordonia_shandongensis	aerobe
jongsikchunia_kroppenstedtii	aerobe
gordonia_hankookensis	aerobe
gordonia_neofelifaecis	aerobe
millisia_brevis	aerobe
nocardia_asteroides	microaerophile
nocardia_carnea	aerobe
nocardia_transvalensis	aerobe
nocardia_vaccinii	aerobe
nocardia_mexicana	aerobe
nocardia_seriolae	aerobe
nocardia_pseudobrasiliensis	microaerophile
nocardia_paucivorans	aerobe
nocardia_abscessus	aerobe
nocardia_flavorosea	aerobe
nocardia_nova	microaerophile
nocardia_cyriacigeorgica	microaerophile
nocardia_salmonicida	aerobe
nocardia_africana	aerobe
nocardia_ignorata	aerobe
nocardia_puris	aerobe
nocardia_beijingensis	microaerophile
nocardia_neocaledoniensis	aerobe
nocardia_asiatica	aerobe
nocardia_shimofusensis	aerobe
nocardia_higoensis	aerobe
nocardia_takedensis	aerobe
nocardia_araoensis	aerobe
nocardia_pneumoniae	aerobe
nocardia_elegans	aerobe
nocardia_xishanensis	aerobe
nocardia_concava	aerobe
nocardia_polyresistens	aerobe
nocardia_lijiangensis	aerobe
nocardia_jiangxiensis	aerobe
nocardia_miyunensis	aerobe
nocardia_exalbida	aerobe
nocardia_jejuensis	aerobe
nocardia_coubleae	aerobe
nocardia_ninae	aerobe
nocardia_altamirensis	aerobe
nocardia_terpenica	aerobe
nocardia_jinanensis	aerobe
nocardia_amamiensis	aerobe
nocardia_acidivorans	aerobe
nocardia_callitridis	aerobe
nocardia_mikamii	aerobe
nocardia_goodfellowii	aerobe
nocardia_thraciensis	aerobe
rhodococcus_erythropolis	microaerophile
rhodococcus_rhodochrous	aerobe
rhodococcus_ruber	microaerophile
rhodococcus_gordoniae	aerobe
rhodococcus_triatomae	aerobe
rhodococcus_kroppenstedtii	aerobe
aldersonia_kunmingensis	aerobe
rhodococcus_imtechensis	aerobe
rhodococcus_qingshengii	aerobe
rhodococcus_artemisiae	aerobe
rhodococcus_nanhaiensis	aerobe
aeromicrobium_fastidiosum	aerobe
aeromicrobium_alkaliterrae	aerobe
aeromicrobium_panaciterrae	aerobe
aeromicrobium_ginsengisoli	aerobe
aeromicrobium_tamlense	aerobe
aeromicrobium_flavum	facultative anaerobe
aeromicrobium_ponti	aerobe
aeromicrobium_halocynthiae	aerobe
kribbella_lupini	aerobe
kribbella_karoonensis	aerobe
kribbella_swartbergensis	aerobe
kribbella_ginsengisoli	aerobe
kribbella_hippodromi	aerobe
kribbella_catacumbae	aerobe
kribbella_sancticallisti	aerobe
kribbella_amoyensis	aerobe
marmoricola_aequoreus	aerobe
marmoricola_bigeumensis	aerobe
nocardioides_albus	aerobe
nocardioides_luteus	aerobe
nocardioides_oleivorans	aerobe
nocardioides_kribbensis	aerobe
nocardioides_lentus	aerobe
nocardioides_ganghwensis	aerobe
nocardioides_alkalitolerans	aerobe
nocardioides_aquiterrae	aerobe
nocardioides_ginsengisoli	aerobe
nocardioides_insulae	aerobe
nocardioides_furvisabuli	aerobe
nocardioides_panacihumi	aerobe
nocardioides_dubius	aerobe
nocardioides_kongjuensis	aerobe
nocardioides_marinus	aerobe
nocardioides_terrigena	aerobe
nocardioides_daphniae	aerobe
nocardioides_hwasunensis	aerobe
nocardioides_hankookensis	aerobe
nocardioides_salarius	aerobe
nocardioides_agariphilus	aerobe
nocardioides_bigeumensis	aerobe
nocardioides_koreensis	aerobe
nocardioides_dokdonensis	aerobe
nocardioides_sediminis	aerobe
nocardioides_caeni	aerobe
nocardioides_humi	aerobe
nocardioides_panacisoli	aerobe
nocardioides_daedukensis	aerobe
nocardioides_mesophilus	aerobe
nocardioides_hungaricus	aerobe
nocardioides_alpinus	aerobe
nocardioides_ginsengagri	aerobe
nocardioides_daejeonensis	aerobe
nocardioides_lianchengensis	aerobe
actinopolymorpha_rutila	aerobe
actinopolymorpha_alba	aerobe
actinopolymorpha_cephalotaxi	aerobe
thermasporomyces_composti	aerobe
allonocardiopsis_opalescens	aerobe
nocardiopsis_aegyptia	aerobe
nocardiopsis_salina	aerobe
nocardiopsis_gilva	aerobe
nocardiopsis_rosea	aerobe
nocardiopsis_halophila	aerobe
nocardiopsis_rhodophaea	aerobe
nocardiopsis_chromatogenes	aerobe
streptomonospora_arabica	aerobe
nocardiopsis_quinghaiensis	aerobe
nocardiopsis_ganjiahuensis	aerobe
nocardiopsis_valliformis	aerobe
nocardiopsis_litoralis	aerobe
nocardiopsis_potens	aerobe
nocardiopsis_sinuspersici	aerobe
nocardiopsis_nikkonensis	aerobe
nocardiopsis_arvandica	aerobe
streptomonospora_halophila	aerobe
streptomonospora_amylolytica	aerobe
streptomonospora_flavalba	aerobe
thermobifida_halotolerans	aerobe
haloactinospora_alba	aerobe
marinactinospora_thermotolerans	aerobe
murinocardiopsis_flavida	aerobe
spinactinospora_alkalitolerans	aerobe
salinactinospora_qingdaonensis	aerobe
balneatrix_alpica	aerobe
marinomonas_polaris	aerobe
marinomonas_dokdonensis	aerobe
marinomonas_pontica	aerobe
marinospirillum_celere	aerobe
marinospirillum_insulare	aerobe
neptunomonas_japonica	facultative anaerobe
neptunomonas_antarctica	facultative aerobe
nitrincola_lacisaponensis	aerobe
reinekea_marinisedimentorum	facultative anaerobe
thalassolituus_oleivorans	aerobe
oceaniserpentilla_haliotis	aerobe
amphritea_atlantica	aerobe
bermanella_marisrubri	aerobe
oleibacter_marinus	aerobe
opitutus_terrae	anaerobe
herminiimonas_arsenicoxydans	aerobe
herminiimonas_fonticola	aerobe
herminiimonas_aquatilis	aerobe
herminiimonas_saxobsidens	aerobe
herminiimonas_glaciei	aerobe
collimonas_fungivorans	aerobe
duganella_phyllosphaerae	aerobe
janthinobacterium_lividum	aerobe
janthinobacterium_agaricidamnosum	aerobe
massilia_timonae	aerobe
massilia_alkalitolerans	aerobe
massilia_albidiflava	aerobe
massilia_lutea	aerobe
massilia_plicata	aerobe
massilia_dura	aerobe
massilia_aurea	aerobe
massilia_brevitalea	aerobe
massilia_aerilata	aerobe
massilia_haematophila	aerobe
massilia_varians	aerobe
massilia_niabensis	aerobe
massilia_niastensis	aerobe
massilia_jejuensis	aerobe
massilia_suwonensis	aerobe
massilia_consociata	microaerophile
massilia_oculi	aerobe
massilia_flava	aerobe
massilia_tieshanensis	aerobe
massilia_namucuonensis	aerobe
oxalicibacterium_flavum	aerobe
oxalobacter_formigenes	anaerobe
oxalobacter_vibrioformis	anaerobe
herbaspirillum_autotrophicum	aerobe
herbaspirillum_frisingense	aerobe
herbaspirillum_hiltneri	aerobe
herbaspirillum_chlorophenolicum	aerobe
herbaspirillum_huttiense	aerobe
herbaspirillum_aquaticum	aerobe
noviherbaspirillum_aurantiacum	aerobe
noviherbaspirillum_canariense	aerobe
noviherbaspirillum_soli	aerobe
undibacterium_pigrum	aerobe
undibacterium_parvum	aerobe
undibacterium_oligocarboniphilum	aerobe
pseudoduganella_violaceinigra	aerobe
aneurinibacillus_terranovensis	microaerophile
brevibacillus_brevis	aerobe
brevibacillus_laterosporus	aerobe
brevibacillus_thermoruber	aerobe
brevibacillus_borstelensis	aerobe
brevibacillus_levickii	microaerophile
brevibacillus_panacihumi	aerobe
brevibacillus_fluminis	aerobe
brevibacillus_aydinogluensis	aerobe
cohnella_thermotolerans	aerobe
cohnella_hongkongensis	aerobe
cohnella_ginsengisoli	aerobe
cohnella_yongneupensis	aerobe
cohnella_phaseoli	aerobe
cohnella_laeviribosi	aerobe
cohnella_luojiensis	aerobe
cohnella_thailandensis	facultative anaerobe
cohnella_xylanilytica	facultative anaerobe
cohnella_boryungensis	aerobe
cohnella_cellulosilytica	aerobe
oxalophagus_oxalicus	anaerobe
paenibacillus_lautus	aerobe
paenibacillus_macerans	aerobe
paenibacillus_macquariensis	aerobe
paenibacillus_glucanolyticus	aerobe
paenibacillus_durus	anaerobe
paenibacillus_illinoisensis	aerobe
paenibacillus_borealis	aerobe
paenibacillus_stellifer	aerobe
paenibacillus_lactis	aerobe
paenibacillus_anaericanus	facultative anaerobe
paenibacillus_cookii	facultative anaerobe
paenibacillus_cineris	aerobe
paenibacillus_alkaliterrae	aerobe
paenibacillus_barcinonensis	anaerobe
paenibacillus_xylanilyticus	facultative anaerobe
paenibacillus_rhizosphaerae	aerobe
paenibacillus_favisporus	facultative anaerobe
paenibacillus_phyllosphaerae	facultative anaerobe
paenibacillus_larvae	microaerophile
paenibacillus_motobuensis	aerobe
paenibacillus_assamensis	aerobe
paenibacillus_zanthoxyli	facultative anaerobe
paenibacillus_wynnii	facultative anaerobe
paenibacillus_ginsengarvi	aerobe
paenibacillus_taiwanensis	facultative anaerobe
paenibacillus_elgii	facultative anaerobe
paenibacillus_hodogayensis	aerobe
paenibacillus_mendelii	facultative anaerobe
paenibacillus_pasadenensis	aerobe
paenibacillus_barengoltzii	aerobe
paenibacillus_panacisoli	facultative anaerobe
paenibacillus_humicus	aerobe
paenibacillus_sabinae	anaerobe
paenibacillus_soli	aerobe
paenibacillus_terrigena	facultative anaerobe
paenibacillus_tarimensis	aerobe
paenibacillus_fonticola	facultative anaerobe
paenibacillus_taichungensis	facultative anaerobe
paenibacillus_forsythiae	facultative aerobe
paenibacillus_woosongensis	facultative anaerobe
paenibacillus_provencensis	aerobe
paenibacillus_ginsengihumi	aerobe
paenibacillus_konsidensis	facultative anaerobe
paenibacillus_castaneae	aerobe
paenibacillus_harenae	aerobe
paenibacillus_nanensis	facultative anaerobe
paenibacillus_thailandensis	facultative anaerobe
paenibacillus_pueri	anaerobe
paenibacillus_aestuarii	aerobe
paenibacillus_pocheonensis	facultative anaerobe
paenibacillus_hunanensis	aerobe
paenibacillus_glacialis	aerobe
paenibacillus_prosopidis	aerobe
paenibacillus_sputi	facultative anaerobe
paenibacillus_residui	aerobe
paenibacillus_sophorae	facultative anaerobe
paenibacillus_tianmuensis	aerobe
paenibacillus_sediminis	aerobe
thermobacillus_composti	aerobe
saccharibacillus_kuerlensis	aerobe
fontibacillus_aquaticus	facultative anaerobe
actinobacillus_ureae	microaerophile
actinobacillus_delphinicola	microaerophile
actinobacillus_pleuropneumoniae	microaerophile
actinobacillus_genomospecies	aerobe
actinobacillus_lignieresii	aerobe
muribacter_muris	microaerophile
actinobacillus_suis	microaerophile
actinobacillus_porcinus	microaerophile
actinobacillus_scotiae	microaerophile
actinobacillus_succinogenes	aerobe
actinobacillus_arthritidis	microaerophile
actinobacillus_anseriformium	microaerophile
avibacterium_gallinarum	microaerophile
avibacterium_endocarditidis	aerobe
avibacterium_paragallinarum	microaerophile
avibacterium_volantium	microaerophile
haemophilus_influenzae	microaerophile
haemophilus_parainfluenzae	microaerophile
haemophilus_parahaemolyticus	microaerophile
haemophilus_pittmaniae	microaerophile
haemophilus_aegyptius	microaerophile
haemophilus_haemoglobinophilus	microaerophile
haemophilus_paracuniculus	microaerophile
haemophilus_paraphrohaemolyticus	microaerophile
glaesserella_parasuis	microaerophile
haemophilus_felis	microaerophile
haemophilus_sputorum	microaerophile
lonepinella_koalarum	microaerophile
mannheimia_caviae	microaerophile
nicoletella_semolina	microaerophile
pasteurella_canis	microaerophile
pasteurella_multocida	microaerophile
pasteurella_testudinis	aerobe
pasteurella_caballi	microaerophile
pasteurella_skyensis	microaerophile
pasteurella_oralis	aerobe
bibersteinia_trehalosi	microaerophile
histophilus_somni	microaerophile
aggregatibacter_actinomycetemcomitans	microaerophile
aggregatibacter_segnis	microaerophile
basfia_succiniciproducens	microaerophile
cryptanaerobacter_phenolicus	anaerobe
dehalobacter_restrictus	anaerobe
desulfitobacterium_dehalogenans	anaerobe
desulfitobacterium_hafniense	anaerobe
desulfitobacterium_chlororespirans	anaerobe
desulfitobacterium_metallireducens	anaerobe
desulfitobacterium_aromaticivorans	anaerobe
desulfonispora_thiosulfatigenes	anaerobe
desulfosporosinus_orientis	anaerobe
desulfosporosinus_meridiei	anaerobe
desulfosporosinus_auripigmenti	anaerobe
desulfosporosinus_youngiae	anaerobe
desulfosporosinus_lacus	anaerobe
desulfosporosinus_hippei	anaerobe
desulfosporosinus_acidiphilus	anaerobe
peptococcus_niger	anaerobe
sporotomaculum_hydroxybenzoicum	anaerobe
sporotomaculum_syntrophicum	anaerobe
syntrophobotulus_glycolicus	anaerobe
thermincola_carboxydiphila	anaerobe
thermincola_ferriacetica	anaerobe
desulfofarcimen_acetoxidans	anaerobe
desulfallas_geothermicus	anaerobe
desulfotomaculum_guttoideum	anaerobe
desulfotomaculum_nigrificans	anaerobe
desulfotomaculum_ruminis	anaerobe
desulfallas_sapomandens	anaerobe
desulfofundulus_thermoacetoxidans	anaerobe
desulfofundulus_kuznetsovii	anaerobe
desulfofundulus_thermobenzoicus	anaerobe
desulfallas_thermosapovorans	anaerobe
desulfofundulus_thermocisternus	anaerobe
desulfotomaculum_aeronauticum	anaerobe
desulfohalotomaculum_halophilum	anaerobe
desulfofundulus_australicus	anaerobe
desulfohalotomaculum_alkaliphilum	anaerobe
desulfotomaculum_putei	anaerobe
desulfofundulus_luciae	anaerobe
desulfallas_gibsoniae	anaerobe
desulfofundulus_solfataricus	anaerobe
desulfallas_arcticus	anaerobe
desulfofundulus_thermosubterraneus	anaerobe
desulfallas_alcoholivorax	anaerobe
desulfotomaculum_hydrothermale	anaerobe
pelotomaculum_thermopropionicum	anaerobe
pelotomaculum_schinkii	anaerobe
pelotomaculum_propionicicum	anaerobe
pelotomaculum_terephthalicicum	anaerobe
desulfitibacter_alkalitolerans	anaerobe
desulfurispora_thermophila	anaerobe
desulfitispora_alkaliphila	anaerobe
filifactor_villosus	anaerobe
peptostreptococcus_anaerobius	anaerobe
peptostreptococcus_stomatis	anaerobe
peptostreptococcus_russellii	anaerobe
sporacetigenium_mesophilum	anaerobe
tepidibacter_thalassicus	anaerobe
tepidibacter_formicigenes	anaerobe
anaerosphaera_aminiphila	anaerobe
aminobacter_niigataensis	aerobe
aminobacter_ciceronei	aerobe
aminobacter_lissarensis	aerobe
aquamicrobium_aerolatum	aerobe
aquamicrobium_ahrensii	aerobe
hoeflea_alexandrii	aerobe
hoeflea_phototrophica	aerobe
nitratireductor_aquibiodomus	facultative aerobe
nitratireductor_kimnyeongensis	aerobe
phyllobacterium_trifolii	aerobe
mesorhizobium_thiogangeticum	aerobe
mesorhizobium_albiziae	aerobe
mesorhizobium_shangrilense	aerobe
chelativorans_multitrophicus	aerobe
methylophaga_lonarensis	aerobe
sulfurivirga_caldicuralii	microaerophile
thiomicrospira_aerophila	obligate aerobe
thiomicrospira_sibirica	obligate aerobe
thiomicrospira_cyclica	obligate aerobe
hydrogenovibrio_thermophilus	microaerophile
thiomicrorhabdus_arctica	aerobe
thiomicrorhabdus_psychrophila	aerobe
hydrogenovibrio_halophilus	microaerophile
galenea_microaerophila	microaerophile
rhodopirellula_baltica	aerobe
singulisphaera_rosea	aerobe
schlesneria_paludicola	facultative aerobe
zavarzinella_formosa	aerobe
kurthia_zopfii	aerobe
planococcus_salinarum	aerobe
planococcus_columbae	aerobe
planococcus_plakortidis	aerobe
planococcus_halocryophilus	aerobe
planomicrobium_stackebrandtii	aerobe
planomicrobium_glaciei	aerobe
sporosarcina_globispora	aerobe
sporosarcina_pasteurii	aerobe
sporosarcina_koreensis	aerobe
sporosarcina_soli	aerobe
paenisporosarcina_antarctica	facultative anaerobe
sporosarcina_contaminans	aerobe
sporosarcina_newyorkensis	aerobe
bhargavaea_beijingensis	aerobe
bhargavaea_ginsengi	aerobe
bhargavaea_cecembensis	aerobe
paludibacter_propionicigenes	anaerobe
parabacteroides_distasonis	anaerobe
parabacteroides_johnsonii	anaerobe
parabacteroides_merdae	anaerobe
parabacteroides_goldsteinii	anaerobe
parabacteroides_gordonii	anaerobe
parabacteroides_chartae	anaerobe
petrimonas_sulfuriphila	anaerobe
porphyromonas_macacae	anaerobe
porphyromonas_asaccharolytica	anaerobe
porphyromonas_gingivalis	anaerobe
porphyromonas_gulae	anaerobe
porphyromonas_levii	anaerobe
porphyromonas_endodontalis	anaerobe
porphyromonas_catoniae	anaerobe
porphyromonas_uenonis	anaerobe
porphyromonas_somerae	anaerobe
porphyromonas_bennonis	anaerobe
proteiniphilum_acetatigenes	anaerobe
dysgonomonas_gadei	microaerophile
dysgonomonas_capnocytophagoides	microaerophile
dysgonomonas_mossii	microaerophile
barnesiella_viscericola	anaerobe
barnesiella_intestinihominis	anaerobe
odoribacter_splanchnicus	anaerobe
odoribacter_laneus	anaerobe
butyricimonas_synergistica	anaerobe
butyricimonas_virosa	anaerobe
macellibacteroides_fermentans	anaerobe
prevotella_bivia	anaerobe
prevotella_buccae	anaerobe
prevotella_buccalis	anaerobe
prevotella_denticola	anaerobe
prevotella_disiens	anaerobe
prevotella_intermedia	anaerobe
prevotella_oralis	anaerobe
prevotella_melaninogenica	anaerobe
prevotella_albensis	anaerobe
prevotella_bryantii	anaerobe
prevotella_nigrescens	anaerobe
prevotella_salivae	anaerobe
prevotella_shahii	anaerobe
prevotella_multiformis	anaerobe
prevotella_baroniae	anaerobe
prevotella_marshii	anaerobe
prevotella_multisaccharivorax	anaerobe
prevotella_bergensis	anaerobe
prevotella_oryzae	anaerobe
prevotella_copri	anaerobe
prevotella_stercorea	anaerobe
prevotella_pallens	anaerobe
prevotella_oris	anaerobe
prevotella_corporis	anaerobe
prevotella_heparinolytica	anaerobe
prevotella_loescheii	anaerobe
prevotella_veroralis	anaerobe
prevotella_nanceiensis	anaerobe
prevotella_timonensis	anaerobe
prevotella_maculosa	anaerobe
prevotella_paludivivens	anaerobe
prevotella_histicola	anaerobe
prevotella_amnii	anaerobe
prevotella_falsenii	anaerobe
prevotella_micans	anaerobe
prevotella_dentasini	anaerobe
prevotella_saccharolytica	anaerobe
prevotella_fusca	anaerobe
prevotella_scopos	anaerobe
paraprevotella_clara	anaerobe
paraprevotella_xylaniphila	anaerobe
cellulosimicrobium_funkei	aerobe
cellulosimicrobium_terreum	aerobe
isoptericola_hypogeus	microaerophile
isoptericola_nanjingensis	aerobe
myceligenerans_xiligouense	aerobe
myceligenerans_crystallogenes	aerobe
promicromonospora_kroppenstedtii	aerobe
promicromonospora_umidemergens	aerobe
promicromonospora_xylanilytica	aerobe
xylanibacterium_ulmi	aerobe
microlunatus_lucidus	aerobe
friedmanniella_luteola	aerobe
microlunatus_okinawensis	aerobe
microlunatus_sagamiharensis	aerobe
granulicoccus_phenolivorans	facultative anaerobe
luteococcus_japonicus	aerobe
microlunatus_ginsengisoli	aerobe
microlunatus_panaciterrae	aerobe
microlunatus_aurantiacus	aerobe
microlunatus_soli	aerobe
microlunatus_parietis	aerobe
acidipropionibacterium_acidipropionici	anaerobe
cutibacterium_acnes	anaerobe
cutibacterium_avidum	anaerobe
propionibacterium_freudenreichii	anaerobe
cutibacterium_granulosum	anaerobe
acidipropionibacterium_jensenii	anaerobe
propionibacterium_propionicum	anaerobe
acidipropionibacterium_thoenii	anaerobe
acidipropionibacterium_microaerophilum	anaerobe
propionibacterium_australiense	anaerobe
propionibacterium_cyclohexanicum	anaerobe
propionibacterium_acidifaciens	anaerobe
propionicimonas_paludicola	microaerophile
propionibacterium_lymphophilum	anaerobe
tessaracoccus_flavescens	facultative anaerobe
tessaracoccus_oleiagri	facultative anaerobe
brooklawnia_cerclae	anaerobe
propionicicella_superfundia	anaerobe
aestuariimicrobium_kwangyangense	aerobe
auraticoccus_monumenti	aerobe
propioniciclava_tarda	anaerobe
pseudoalteromonas_arctica	aerobe
pseudoalteromonas_lipolytica	aerobe
rhizobacter_fulvus	aerobe
pseudomonas_aeruginosa	aerobe
pseudomonas_alcaligenes	aerobe
pseudomonas_asplenii	aerobe
pseudomonas_carboxydohydrogena	aerobe
pseudomonas_chlororaphis	aerobe
pseudomonas_cichorii	aerobe
pseudomonas_citronellolis	aerobe
pseudomonas_marginalis	aerobe
pseudomonas_mendocina	aerobe
pseudomonas_furukawaii	aerobe
pseudomonas_stutzeri	aerobe
pseudomonas_boreopolis	aerobe
pseudomonas_fuscovaginae	aerobe
pseudomonas_cannabina	aerobe
pseudomonas_veronii	aerobe
pseudomonas_flavescens	aerobe
pseudomonas_anguilliseptica	aerobe
pseudomonas_graminis	aerobe
pseudomonas_synxantha	aerobe
pseudomonas_thivervalensis	aerobe
pseudomonas_indica	aerobe
pseudomonas_monteilii	aerobe
pseudomonas_thermotolerans	aerobe
pseudomonas_nitroreducens	aerobe
pseudomonas_poae	aerobe
pseudomonas_trivialis	aerobe
pseudomonas_congelans	aerobe
pseudomonas_plecoglossicida	aerobe
pseudomonas_brenneri	aerobe
pseudomonas_extremorientalis	aerobe
pseudomonas_antarctica	aerobe
pseudomonas_proteolytica	aerobe
pseudomonas_umsongensis	aerobe
pseudomonas_jinjuensis	aerobe
pseudomonas_costantinii	aerobe
pseudomonas_psychrotolerans	aerobe
pseudomonas_lini	aerobe
pseudomonas_palleroniana	aerobe
pseudomonas_cremoricolorata	aerobe
pseudomonas_gessardii	aerobe
pseudomonas_jessenii	aerobe
pseudomonas_libanensis	aerobe
pseudomonas_lutea	aerobe
pseudomonas_argentinensis	aerobe
pseudomonas_grimontii	aerobe
pseudomonas_psychrophila	aerobe
pseudomonas_abietaniphila	aerobe
pseudomonas_vancouverensis	aerobe
pseudomonas_pachastrellae	aerobe
pseudomonas_fulva	aerobe
pseudomonas_straminea	aerobe
pseudomonas_alcaliphila	aerobe
pseudomonas_peli	aerobe
pseudomonas_borbori	aerobe
pseudomonas_pohangensis	aerobe
pseudomonas_migulae	aerobe
pseudomonas_mandelii	aerobe
pseudomonas_xanthomarina	aerobe
pseudomonas_pertucinogena	aerobe
pseudomonas_reinekei	aerobe
pseudomonas_panacis	aerobe
pseudomonas_azotoformans	aerobe
stenotrophomonas_pictorum	aerobe
pseudomonas_taetrolens	aerobe
pseudomonas_segetis	aerobe
pseudomonas_simiae	aerobe
pseudomonas_delhiensis	aerobe
pseudomonas_knackmussii	aerobe
pseudomonas_moorei	aerobe
pseudomonas_guineae	aerobe
pseudomonas_marincola	aerobe
pseudomonas_duriflava	aerobe
pseudomonas_panipatensis	aerobe
pseudomonas_xiamenensis	aerobe
pseudomonas_amygdali	aerobe
pseudomonas_sabulinigri	aerobe
pseudomonas_flexibilis	aerobe
pseudomonas_xinjiangensis	aerobe
pseudomonas_caeni	anaerobe
pseudomonas_pelagia	aerobe
pseudomonas_taiwanensis	aerobe
pseudomonas_litoralis	aerobe
pseudomonas_baetica	aerobe
actinoalloteichus_spitiensis	aerobe
actinokineospora_soli	aerobe
amycolatopsis_mediterranei	aerobe
amycolatopsis_magusensis	aerobe
amycolatopsis_decaplanina	aerobe
amycolatopsis_plumensis	aerobe
amycolatopsis_palatopharyngis	facultative anaerobe
amycolatopsis_minnesotensis	aerobe
amycolatopsis_nigrescens	aerobe
amycolatopsis_saalfeldensis	aerobe
amycolatopsis_halotolerans	aerobe
amycolatopsis_jejuensis	aerobe
amycolatopsis_taiwanensis	aerobe
amycolatopsis_regifaucium	aerobe
amycolatopsis_echigonensis	aerobe
amycolatopsis_niigatensis	aerobe
amycolatopsis_marina	aerobe
amycolatopsis_ultiminotia	aerobe
amycolatopsis_tucumanensis	aerobe
haloechinothrix_halophila	aerobe
amycolatopsis_xylanica	aerobe
amycolatopsis_samaneae	aerobe
haloechinothrix_salitolerans	aerobe
amycolatopsis_thermophila	aerobe
amycolatopsis_viridis	aerobe
amycolatopsis_dongchuanensis	aerobe
kutzneria_buriramensis	aerobe
lentzea_xinjiangensis	aerobe
lentzea_fradiae	aerobe
lentzea_atacamensis	aerobe
lentzea_deserti	aerobe
lentzea_roselyniae	aerobe
lentzea_albidocapillata	aerobe
prauserella_salsuginis	aerobe
prauserella_aidingensis	aerobe
prauserella_sediminis	aerobe
prauserella_muralis	aerobe
prauserella_marina	aerobe
pseudonocardia_antitumoralis	aerobe
pseudonocardia_chloroethenivorans	aerobe
pseudonocardia_benzenivorans	aerobe
pseudonocardia_dioxanivorans	aerobe
pseudonocardia_ammonioxydans	aerobe
pseudonocardia_tetrahydrofuranoxydans	aerobe
pseudonocardia_endophytica	aerobe
pseudonocardia_ailaonensis	aerobe
pseudonocardia_carboxydivorans	aerobe
pseudonocardia_acaciae	aerobe
pseudonocardia_babensis	aerobe
pseudonocardia_tropica	aerobe
pseudonocardia_adelaidensis	aerobe
pseudonocardia_xishanensis	aerobe
saccharomonospora_viridis	aerobe
saccharomonospora_marina	aerobe
saccharopolyspora_halophila	aerobe
saccharopolyspora_cebuensis	aerobe
saccharopolyspora_qijiaojingensis	aerobe
saccharopolyspora_antimicrobica	aerobe
saccharopolyspora_shandongensis	aerobe
saccharopolyspora_kobensis	aerobe
saccharopolyspora_rosea	aerobe
saccharopolyspora_tripterygii	aerobe
saccharopolyspora_gloriosae	aerobe
saccharopolyspora_phatthalungensis	aerobe
saccharothrix_algeriensis	aerobe
saccharothrix_xinjiangensis	aerobe
saccharothrix_hoggarensis	aerobe
saccharothrix_ecbatanensis	aerobe
saccharothrix_violaceirubra	aerobe
saccharothrix_variisporea	aerobe
actinomycetospora_chiangmaiensis	aerobe
goodfellowiella_coeruleoviolacea	aerobe
sciscionella_marina	aerobe
actinokineospora_alba	aerobe
actinophytocola_oryzae	aerobe
haloechinothrix_alba	aerobe
amycolatopsis_arida	aerobe
labedaea_rhizosphaerae	aerobe
psychromonas_japonica	facultative anaerobe
psychromonas_boydii	facultative anaerobe
pyrolobus_fumarii	anaerobe
hyperthermus_butylicus	anaerobe
pyrodictium_brockii	anaerobe
pyrodictium_occultum	anaerobe
pyrodictium_abyssi	anaerobe
rarobacter_incanus	anaerobe
ensifer_meliloti	aerobe
kaistia_granuli	aerobe
kaistia_soli	aerobe
kaistia_terrae	aerobe
agrobacterium_radiobacter	aerobe
rhizobium_daejeonense	aerobe
rhizobium_fabae	aerobe
rhizobium_multihospitium	aerobe
neorhizobium_alkalisoli	aerobe
rhizobium_tubonense	aerobe
rhizobium_vignae	aerobe
allorhizobium_borbori	aerobe
agrobacterium_skierniewicense	aerobe
rhizobium_halophytocola	aerobe
albidovulum_xiamenense	aerobe
gemmobacter_nectariphilus	aerobe
gemmobacter_caeni	facultative anaerobe
salipiger_thiooxidans	aerobe
dinoroseobacter_shibae	aerobe
jannaschia_rubra	aerobe
jannaschia_cystaugens	aerobe
jannaschia_pohangensis	aerobe
jannaschia_seohaensis	aerobe
leisingera_aquimarina	aerobe
leisingera_nanhaiensis	aerobe
loktanella_salsilacus	aerobe
yoonia_vestfoldensis	aerobe
loktanella_fryxellensis	aerobe
limimaricola_hongkongensis	aerobe
limimaricola_pyoseonensis	aerobe
nereida_ignava	aerobe
nesiotobacter_exalbescens	aerobe
sulfitobacter_indolifex	aerobe
oceanicola_granulosus	aerobe
pseudooceanicola_batsensis	aerobe
pseudooceanicola_nanhaiensis	aerobe
pannonibacter_phragmitetus	facultative anaerobe
paracoccus_denitrificans	aerobe
paracoccus_pantotrophus	facultative anaerobe
paracoccus_solventivorans	facultative anaerobe
paracoccus_aestuarii	aerobe
paracoccus_saliphilus	aerobe
paracoccus_isoporae	aerobe
phaeobacter_inhibens	aerobe
leisingera_daeponensis	anaerobe
pseudophaeobacter_arcticus	aerobe
leisingera_caerulea	aerobe
pseudovibrio_ascidiaceicola	aerobe
pseudovibrio_denitrificans	facultative anaerobe
rhodothalassium_salexigens	anaerobe
rhodovulum_adriaticum	anaerobe
rhodovulum_euryhalinum	anaerobe
rhodovulum_sulfidophilum	anaerobe
rhodovulum_strictum	anaerobe
rhodovulum_iodosum	anaerobe
rhodovulum_robiginosum	anaerobe
rhodovulum_marinum	anaerobe
rhodovulum_visakhapatnamense	facultative aerobe
rhodovulum_bhavnagarense	anaerobe
roseisalinus_antarcticus	microaerophile
roseivivax_isoporae	aerobe
roseivivax_sediminis	facultative anaerobe
aliiroseovarius_crassostreae	aerobe
roseovarius_mucosus	aerobe
pacificibacter_marinus	aerobe
rubellimicrobium_thermophilum	aerobe
rubellimicrobium_mesophilum	aerobe
rubellimicrobium_aerolatum	aerobe
epibacterium_scottomollicae	aerobe
sagittula_stellata	obligate aerobe
salipiger_mucosus	aerobe
sulfitobacter_dubius	aerobe
sulfitobacter_delicatus	aerobe
sulfitobacter_litoralis	aerobe
sulfitobacter_marinus	aerobe
thalassobius_mediterraneus	aerobe
thioclava_pacifica	aerobe
rhodobacter_capsulatus	anaerobe
rhodobacter_sphaeroides	anaerobe
rhodobacter_veldkampii	anaerobe
rhodobacter_johrii	anaerobe
palleronia_marisminoris	aerobe
rhodobaca_barguzinensis	anaerobe
roseibacterium_elongatum	aerobe
shimia_isoporae	aerobe
labrenzia_marina	aerobe
labrenzia_alexandrii	aerobe
labrenzia_alba	aerobe
wenxinia_marina	aerobe
tranquillimonas_alkanivorans	aerobe
tropicimonas_isoalkanivorans	aerobe
tropicibacter_naphthalenivorans	aerobe
epibacterium_multivorans	aerobe
albimonas_donghaensis	aerobe
tateyamaria_pelophila	facultative anaerobe
ponticoccus_litoralis	aerobe
pelagicola_litoralis	aerobe
phaeobacter_italicus	aerobe
sediminimonas_qiaohouensis	aerobe
marivita_cryptomonadis	aerobe
marivita_litorea	aerobe
roseibaca_ekhonensis	aerobe
mameliella_alba	aerobe
celeribacter_neptunius	facultative anaerobe
pontibaca_methylaminivorans	facultative anaerobe
hwanghaeicola_aestuarii	aerobe
litoreibacter_arenae	aerobe
jhaorihella_thermophila	aerobe
celeribacter_halophilus	aerobe
planktotalea_frisia	aerobe
parvibaculum_lavamentivorans	aerobe
parvibaculum_hydrocarboniclasticum	aerobe
rhodobium_orientis	anaerobe
rhodobium_gokarnense	facultative anaerobe
roseospirillum_parvum	anaerobe
afifella_marina	anaerobe
lutibaculum_baratangense	aerobe
rhodoligotrophos_appendicifer	microaerophile
aromatoleum_anaerobium	anaerobe
azoarcus_indigens	aerobe
azonexus_fungiphilus	aerobe
azonexus_hydrophilus	facultative aerobe
azospira_oryzae	microaerophile
azospira_restricta	aerobe
dechloromonas_denitrificans	facultative anaerobe
propionivibrio_dicarboxylicus	anaerobe
propionivibrio_pelophilus	anaerobe
propionivibrio_limicola	anaerobe
shinella_zoogloeoides	aerobe
shinella_granuli	aerobe
shinella_kummerowiae	aerobe
shinella_yambaruensis	aerobe
shinella_fusca	anaerobe
thauera_linaloolentis	aerobe
thauera_terpenica	aerobe
thauera_mechernichensis	aerobe
thauera_butanivorans	aerobe
zoogloea_caeni	facultative aerobe
rhodocyclus_purpureus	anaerobe
rhodocyclus_tenuis	anaerobe
rhizobium_aggregatum	anaerobe
pararhizobium_capsulatum	anaerobe
denitratisoma_oestradiolicum	aerobe
methyloversatilis_universalis	aerobe
uliginosibacterium_gangwonense	aerobe
sulfuritalea_hydrogenivorans	anaerobe
novispirillum_itersonii	aerobe
inquilinus_limosus	aerobe
inquilinus_ginsengisoli	aerobe
magnetospirillum_magnetotacticum	microaerophile
magnetospirillum_gryphiswaldense	microaerophile
magnetospirillum_bellicus	anaerobe
nisaea_denitrificans	aerobe
nisaea_nitritireducens	aerobe
phaeospirillum_fulvum	anaerobe
pararhodospirillum_photometricum	anaerobe
phaeospirillum_molischianum	anaerobe
rhodocista_centenaria	anaerobe
rhodovibrio_salinarum	anaerobe
rhodovibrio_sodomensis	anaerobe
thalassospira_xiamenensis	anaerobe
thalassospira_profundimaris	anaerobe
thalassospira_tepidiphila	facultative anaerobe
azospirillum_rugosum	aerobe
azospirillum_picis	aerobe
azospirillum_thiophilum	aerobe
rhodospirillum_rubrum	anaerobe
telmatospirillum_siberiense	microaerophile
insolitispirillum_peregrinum	aerobe
thalassobaculum_litoreum	facultative anaerobe
fodinicurvata_fenggangensis	facultative anaerobe
fodinicurvata_sediminis	facultative anaerobe
tistlia_consotensis	aerobe
phaeovibrio_sulfidiphilus	anaerobe
elstera_litoralis	microaerophile
alistipes_putredinis	anaerobe
alistipes_finegoldii	anaerobe
alistipes_onderdonkii	anaerobe
alistipes_shahii	anaerobe
alistipes_indistinctus	anaerobe
rikenella_microfusus	anaerobe
rubrobacter_radiotolerans	aerobe
rubrobacter_xylanophilus	aerobe
flavimobilis_marinus	aerobe
sanguibacter_antarcticus	facultative anaerobe
flavimobilis_soli	aerobe
lewinella_cohaerens	aerobe
lewinella_agarilytica	aerobe
segniliparus_rotundus	aerobe
segniliparus_rugosus	aerobe
shewanella_putrefaciens	aerobe
shewanella_baltica	aerobe
shewanella_pacifica	facultative anaerobe
shewanella_profunda	facultative anaerobe
shewanella_gaetbuli	facultative anaerobe
shewanella_sediminis	facultative anaerobe
shewanella_kaireitica	facultative anaerobe
shewanella_abyssi	facultative anaerobe
shewanella_surugensis	aerobe
shewanella_halifaxensis	aerobe
shewanella_loihica	facultative anaerobe
shewanella_canadensis	aerobe
shewanella_atlantica	aerobe
shewanella_colwelliana	facultative anaerobe
shewanella_xiamenensis	facultative anaerobe
shewanella_corallii	facultative aerobe
solirubrobacter_soli	aerobe
sphaerobacter_thermophilus	obligate aerobe
olivibacter_sitiensis	aerobe
pedobacter_caeni	aerobe
pedobacter_suwonensis	aerobe
pedobacter_insulae	aerobe
pedobacter_alluvionis	aerobe
pedobacter_nyackensis	aerobe
pedobacter_borealis	aerobe
pedobacter_agri	aerobe
pedobacter_oryzae	aerobe
pedobacter_bauzanensis	aerobe
sphingobacterium_spiritivorum	aerobe
sphingobacterium_multivorum	aerobe
sphingobacterium_composti	aerobe
sphingobacterium_wenxiniae	aerobe
sphingobacterium_alimentarium	aerobe
sphingobacterium_lactis	aerobe
mucilaginibacter_paludis	facultative aerobe
mucilaginibacter_oryzae	aerobe
parapedobacter_composti	aerobe
parapedobacter_luteus	aerobe
olivibacter_domesticus	aerobe
solitalea_koreensis	aerobe
novosphingobium_tardaugens	aerobe
novosphingobium_lentum	aerobe
novosphingobium_taihuense	aerobe
novosphingobium_naphthalenivorans	aerobe
novosphingobium_nitrogenifigens	aerobe
novosphingobium_mathurense	aerobe
novosphingobium_panipatense	aerobe
novosphingobium_acidiphilum	aerobe
sandarakinorhabdus_limnophila	aerobe
sphingobium_chlorophenolicum	aerobe
sphingobium_herbicidovorans	aerobe
sphingobium_cloacae	aerobe
sphingobium_chungbukense	aerobe
sphingobium_aromaticiconvertens	aerobe
sphingobium_ummariense	aerobe
sphingobium_lactosutens	aerobe
sphingobium_vermicomposti	aerobe
sphingobium_scionense	aerobe
sphingobium_quisquiliarum	aerobe
sphingobium_faniae	aerobe
sphingobium_qiguonii	aerobe
sphingomonas_echinoides	aerobe
sphingomonas_parapaucimobilis	aerobe
sphingomonas_yabuuchiae	aerobe
sphingomonas_aerolata	aerobe
sphingomonas_aquatilis	aerobe
sphingomonas_oligophenolica	aerobe
sphingomonas_phyllosphaerae	aerobe
sphingomonas_panni	aerobe
sphingomonas_abaci	aerobe
sphingomonas_yunnanensis	aerobe
sphingomonas_soli	aerobe
sphingomonas_azotifigens	aerobe
sphingomonas_molluscorum	aerobe
sphingomonas_pseudosanguinis	aerobe
sphingomonas_jaspsi	aerobe
sphingomonas_kaistensis	aerobe
sphingomonas_fennica	aerobe
sphingomonas_haloaromaticamans	aerobe
sphingomonas_insulae	aerobe
sphingomonas_astaxanthinifaciens	aerobe
sphingomonas_japonica	aerobe
sphingomonas_hankookensis	aerobe
sphingomonas_changbaiensis	aerobe
sphingomonas_histidinilytica	aerobe
sphingomonas_glacialis	aerobe
sphingomonas_rubra	aerobe
sphingomonas_alpina	aerobe
sphingomonas_indica	aerobe
sphingomonas_laterariae	aerobe
sphingopyxis_alaskensis	aerobe
sphingopyxis_granuli	aerobe
sphingorhabdus_litoris	aerobe
sphingorhabdus_marina	aerobe
sphingopyxis_terrae	aerobe
sphingopyxis_soli	aerobe
sphingopyxis_panaciterrulae	aerobe
sphingopyxis_bauzanensis	aerobe
zymomonas_mobilis	anaerobe
sphingosinicella_microcystinivorans	aerobe
sphingosinicella_xenopeptidilytica	aerobe
sphingosinicella_soli	aerobe
sphingosinicella_vermicomposti	aerobe
stakelama_pacifica	aerobe
sphingomicrobium_lutaoense	aerobe
parasphingopyxis_lamellibrachiae	aerobe
spirillum_winogradskyi	microaerophile
borrelia_burgdorferi	microaerophile
borrelia_afzelii	microaerophile
borrelia_garinii	microaerophile
borrelia_turcica	microaerophile
borrelia_spielmanii	microaerophile
borrelia_californiensis	microaerophile
borrelia_bissettiae	microaerophile
borrelia_genomospecies	microaerophile
borrelia_lanei	microaerophile
borrelia_valaisiana	microaerophile
borrelia_carolinensis	microaerophile
spirochaeta_aurantia	facultative anaerobe
spirochaeta_isovalerica	anaerobe
oceanispirochaeta_litoralis	anaerobe
treponema_stenostreptum	anaerobe
treponema_zuelzerae	anaerobe
spirochaeta_thermophila	anaerobe
spirochaeta_halophila	anaerobe
sediminispirochaeta_smaragdinae	anaerobe
sediminispirochaeta_sinaica	anaerobe
alkalispirochaeta_americana	obligate anaerobe
sediminispirochaeta_bajacaliforniensis	anaerobe
spirochaeta_dissipatitropha	anaerobe
spirochaeta_perfilievii	anaerobe
treponema_bryantii	anaerobe
treponema_saccharophilum	anaerobe
treponema_succinifaciens	anaerobe
treponema_brennaborense	anaerobe
treponema_denticola	anaerobe
treponema_azotonutricium	anaerobe
treponema_parvum	anaerobe
treponema_pedis	anaerobe
sphaerochaeta_coccoides	anaerobe
sphaerochaeta_globosa	anaerobe
sphaerochaeta_pleomorpha	anaerobe
spiroplasma_citri	microaerophile
spiroplasma_culicicola	microaerophile
spiroplasma_floricola	microaerophile
spiroplasma_kunkelii	microaerophile
spiroplasma_melliferum	microaerophile
spiroplasma_mirum	microaerophile
spiroplasma_phoeniceum	microaerophile
spiroplasma_taiwanense	microaerophile
spiroplasma_chinense	microaerophile
spiroplasma_monobiae	microaerophile
spiroplasma_clarkii	microaerophile
spiroplasma_insolitum	microaerophile
spiroplasma_cantharicola	microaerophile
spiroplasma_velocicrescens	microaerophile
spiroplasma_diminutum	microaerophile
spiroplasma_syrphidicola	microaerophile
spiroplasma_corruscae	microaerophile
spiroplasma_diabroticae	microaerophile
spiroplasma_litorale	microaerophile
spiroplasma_chrysopicola	microaerophile
spiroplasma_gladiatoris	microaerophile
spiroplasma_helicoides	microaerophile
spiroplasma_tabanidicola	microaerophile
spiroplasma_montanense	microaerophile
spiroplasma_alleghenense	microaerophile
spiroplasma_platyhelix	microaerophile
spiroplasma_lineolae	microaerophile
spiroplasma_turonicum	microaerophile
spiroplasma_eriocheiris	microaerophile
sporolactobacillus_nakayamae	microaerophile
sporolactobacillus_terrae	microaerophile
sporolactobacillus_kofuensis	microaerophile
sporolactobacillus_putidus	anaerobe
pullulanibacillus_uraniitolerans	aerobe
sinobaca_qinghaiensis	aerobe
jeotgalicoccus_pinnipedialis	aerobe
jeotgalicoccus_marinus	facultative anaerobe
jeotgalicoccus_huakuii	facultative aerobe
jeotgalicoccus_aerolatus	aerobe
jeotgalicoccus_coquinae	aerobe
macrococcus_caseolyticus	aerobe
macrococcus_equipercicus	aerobe
macrococcus_brunensis	aerobe
macrococcus_hajekii	aerobe
salinicoccus_hispanicus	aerobe
salinicoccus_roseus	aerobe
salinicoccus_jeotgali	aerobe
salinicoccus_luteus	aerobe
salinicoccus_siamensis	aerobe
salinicoccus_kunmingensis	aerobe
salinicoccus_iranensis	aerobe
salinicoccus_albus	aerobe
salinicoccus_sesuvii	aerobe
staphylococcus_aureus	aerobe
staphylococcus_chromogenes	aerobe
staphylococcus_cohnii	aerobe
staphylococcus_haemolyticus	aerobe
staphylococcus_kloosii	aerobe
staphylococcus_lugdunensis	aerobe
staphylococcus_saccharolyticus	anaerobe
staphylococcus_schleiferi	aerobe
staphylococcus_simulans	aerobe
staphylococcus_warneri	aerobe
staphylococcus_xylosus	aerobe
staphylococcus_capitis	aerobe
staphylococcus_muscae	aerobe
staphylococcus_lutrae	aerobe
staphylococcus_sciuri	aerobe
staphylococcus_condimenti	aerobe
staphylococcus_hominis	aerobe
staphylococcus_fleurettii	aerobe
staphylococcus_equorum	aerobe
staphylococcus_nepalensis	aerobe
staphylococcus_succinus	aerobe
staphylococcus_vitulinus	aerobe
staphylococcus_simiae	aerobe
staphylococcus_pseudintermedius	aerobe
staphylococcus_pettenkoferi	aerobe
staphylococcus_microti	aerobe
staphylococcus_rostri	aerobe
staphylococcus_devriesei	aerobe
staphylococcus_agnetis	aerobe
staphylococcus_stepanovicii	aerobe
nosocomiicoccus_ampullae	aerobe
lactococcus_garvieae	microaerophile
lactococcus_lactis	microaerophile
lactococcus_raffinolactis	anaerobe
streptococcus_acidominimus	microaerophile
streptococcus_agalactiae	microaerophile
streptococcus_difficilis	microaerophile
streptococcus_alactolyticus	microaerophile
streptococcus_anginosus	microaerophile
streptococcus_gallolyticus	microaerophile
streptococcus_equinus	microaerophile
streptococcus_canis	microaerophile
streptococcus_constellatus	microaerophile
streptococcus_criceti	microaerophile
streptococcus_equi	microaerophile
streptococcus_ferus	microaerophile
streptococcus_hyointestinalis	microaerophile
streptococcus_iniae	microaerophile
streptococcus_intermedius	microaerophile
streptococcus_macacae	microaerophile
streptococcus_mitis	microaerophile
streptococcus_mutans	microaerophile
streptococcus_oralis	microaerophile
faecalicoccus_pleomorphus	anaerobe
streptococcus_pneumoniae	microaerophile
streptococcus_porcinus	aerobe
streptococcus_pyogenes	microaerophile
streptococcus_ratti	microaerophile
streptococcus_salivarius	microaerophile
streptococcus_sanguinis	microaerophile
streptococcus_sobrinus	microaerophile
streptococcus_uberis	microaerophile
streptococcus_gordonii	microaerophile
streptococcus_parasanguinis	microaerophile
streptococcus_downei	microaerophile
streptococcus_vestibularis	microaerophile
streptococcus_cristatus	microaerophile
streptococcus_suis	microaerophile
streptococcus_dysgalactiae	microaerophile
streptococcus_hyovaginalis	microaerophile
streptococcus_thoraltensis	microaerophile
streptococcus_infantis	microaerophile
streptococcus_peroris	microaerophile
streptococcus_entericus	microaerophile
streptococcus_orisratti	microaerophile
streptococcus_australis	microaerophile
streptococcus_phocae	microaerophile
streptococcus_pluranimalium	microaerophile
streptococcus_ovis	microaerophile
streptococcus_urinalis	microaerophile
streptococcus_halichoeri	microaerophile
streptococcus_orisuis	microaerophile
streptococcus_pseudoporcinus	microaerophile
streptococcus_massiliensis	microaerophile
streptococcus_pseudopneumoniae	microaerophile
streptococcus_infantarius	microaerophile
streptococcus_devriesei	microaerophile
streptococcus_marimammalium	microaerophile
streptococcus_ictaluri	aerobe
streptococcus_merioneseus	microaerophile
streptococcus_caballi	microaerophile
streptococcus_dentirousetti	microaerophile
streptococcus_henryi	microaerophile
streptococcus_plurextorum	microaerophile
streptococcus_merionis	microaerophile
streptococcus_porci	microaerophile
streptococcus_dentapri	microaerophile
streptococcus_lactarius	microaerophile
kitasatospora_arboriphila	aerobe
kitasatospora_gansuensis	aerobe
kitasatospora_nipponensis	aerobe
kitasatospora_paranensis	aerobe
kitasatospora_terrestris	aerobe
kitasatospora_viridis	aerobe
kitasatospora_recifensis	aerobe
streptacidiphilus_oryzae	aerobe
streptomyces_albidoflavus	aerobe
streptomyces_albus	aerobe
streptomyces_avidinii	aerobe
streptomyces_diastaticus	aerobe
streptomyces_fumigatiscleroticus	aerobe
streptomyces_olivaceus	aerobe
streptomyces_prasinus	aerobe
streptomyces_rimosus	aerobe
streptomyces_nanshensis	aerobe
streptomyces_heilongjiangensis	aerobe
streptomyces_viridosporus	aerobe
streptomyces_griseus	aerobe
streptomyces_ferralitis	aerobe
streptomyces_hebeiensis	aerobe
streptomyces_sodiiphilus	aerobe
embleya_scabrispora	aerobe
streptomyces_koyangensis	aerobe
streptomyces_cheonanensis	aerobe
streptomyces_jietaisiensis	aerobe
streptomyces_glauciniger	aerobe
streptomyces_yeochonensis	aerobe
streptomyces_panacagri	aerobe
streptomyces_lunalinharesii	aerobe
streptomyces_prasinopilosus	aerobe
streptomyces_hainanensis	aerobe
streptomyces_bangladeshensis	aerobe
streptomyces_guanduensis	aerobe
streptomyces_paucisporeus	aerobe
streptomyces_rubidus	aerobe
streptomyces_yanglinensis	aerobe
streptomyces_radiopugnans	aerobe
streptomyces_synnematoformans	aerobe
streptomyces_vietnamensis	aerobe
streptomyces_specialis	aerobe
streptomyces_alni	aerobe
streptomyces_xiamenensis	aerobe
streptomyces_plumbiresistens	aerobe
streptomyces_axinellae	aerobe
streptomyces_avicenniae	aerobe
streptomyces_marokkonensis	aerobe
streptomyces_xinghaiensis	aerobe
streptomyces_artemisiae	aerobe
streptomyces_aldersoniae	anaerobe
streptomyces_iranensis	aerobe
streptomyces_haliclonae	aerobe
streptomyces_marinus	aerobe
streptomyces_tateyamensis	aerobe
streptomyces_lacticiproducens	aerobe
streptomyces_hyderabadensis	aerobe
streptomyces_caeruleatus	aerobe
streptomyces_coacervatus	aerobe
streptomyces_cocklensis	aerobe
streptomyces_brevispora	aerobe
streptomyces_gramineus	aerobe
streptomyces_nanhaiensis	aerobe
streptomyces_staurosporininus	aerobe
streptomyces_pharmamarensis	aerobe
streptomyces_herbaceus	aerobe
streptomyces_pratens	aerobe
streptomyces_abyssalis	aerobe
streptomyces_glycovorans	aerobe
streptomyces_xishensis	aerobe
streptomyces_atacamensis	aerobe
streptomyces_endophyticus	aerobe
microbispora_hainanensis	aerobe
nonomuraea_solani	aerobe
nonomuraea_kuesteri	aerobe
nonomuraea_bangladeshensis	aerobe
nonomuraea_coxensis	aerobe
nonomuraea_antimicrobica	aerobe
nonomuraea_rosea	aerobe
nonomuraea_jabiensis	aerobe
planotetraspora_silvatica	aerobe
planotetraspora_thailandica	aerobe
planotetraspora_kaengkrachanensis	aerobe
planotetraspora_phitsanulokensis	aerobe
streptosporangium_roseum	aerobe
streptosporangium_yunnanense	aerobe
streptosporangium_purpuratum	aerobe
sphaerisporangium_rubeum	aerobe
sphaerisporangium_flaviroseum	aerobe
sphaerisporangium_album	aerobe
thermocatellispora_tengchongensis	aerobe
anaerobiospirillum_succiniciproducens	anaerobe
anaerobiospirillum_thomasii	anaerobe
ruminobacter_amylophilus	anaerobe
succinimonas_amylolytica	anaerobe
succinivibrio_dextrinosolvens	anaerobe
succinatimonas_hippei	anaerobe
acidianus_infernus	anaerobe
acidianus_ambivalens	anaerobe
stygiolobus_azoricus	anaerobe
smithella_propionica	anaerobe
syntrophus_buswellii	anaerobe
syntrophus_gentianae	anaerobe
desulfobacca_acetoxidans	anaerobe
desulfomonile_tiedjei	anaerobe
syntrophobacter_wolinii	anaerobe
syntrophobacter_pfennigii	anaerobe
syntrophobacter_fumaroxidans	anaerobe
syntrophobacter_sulfatireducens	anaerobe
desulfacinum_infernum	anaerobe
desulfacinum_hydrothermale	anaerobe
desulfacinum_subterraneum	anaerobe
desulforhabdus_amnigena	anaerobe
desulfovirga_adipica	anaerobe
thermodesulforhabdus_norvegica	anaerobe
desulfoglaeba_alkanexedens	anaerobe
desulfosoma_caldarium	anaerobe
desulfosoma_profundi	anaerobe
pelospora_glutarica	anaerobe
syntrophomonas_sapovorans	anaerobe
syntrophomonas_wolfei	anaerobe
syntrophomonas_curvata	anaerobe
syntrophomonas_erecta	anaerobe
syntrophomonas_bryantii	anaerobe
syntrophomonas_zehnderi	anaerobe
thermohydrogenium_kirishiense	anaerobe
thermosyntropha_lipolytica	anaerobe
syntrophothermus_lipocalidus	anaerobe
dethiobacter_alkaliphilus	anaerobe
fervidicola_ferrireducens	anaerobe
meiothermus_hypogaeus	aerobe
oceanithermus_profundus	microaerophile
thermus_islandicus	aerobe
thermus_composti	aerobe
vulcanithermus_mediatlanticus	microaerophile
laceyella_sacchari	aerobe
laceyella_sediminis	aerobe
mechercharimyces_asporophorigenens	aerobe
planifilum_fulgidum	aerobe
planifilum_fimeticola	aerobe
thermoactinomyces_vulgaris	aerobe
melghirimyces_algeriensis	aerobe
ammonifex_degensii	anaerobe
ammonifex_thiophilus	anaerobe
caldanaerobacter_subterraneus	anaerobe
caldanaerobacter_uzonensis	anaerobe
tepidanaerobacter_syntrophicus	anaerobe
tepidanaerobacter_acetatoxydans	anaerobe
thermanaeromonas_toyohensis	anaerobe
thermoanaerobium_lactoethylicum	anaerobe
thermoanaerobium_crenophilum	anaerobe
carboxydothermus_hydrogenoformans	anaerobe
carboxydothermus_ferrireducens	anaerobe
carboxydothermus_siderophilus	anaerobe
carboxydothermus_islandicus	anaerobe
carboxydothermus_pertinax	anaerobe
moorella_thermoacetica	anaerobe
moorella_thermoautotrophica	anaerobe
moorella_glycerini	anaerobe
moorella_mulderi	anaerobe
moorella_humiferrea	anaerobe
thermoanaerobacter_kivui	anaerobe
thermoanaerobacter_thermohydrosulfuricus	anaerobe
thermoanaerobacter_ethanolicus	anaerobe
thermoanaerobacter_brockii	anaerobe
thermoanaerobacter_cellulolyticus	anaerobe
thermoanaerobacter_italicus	anaerobe
thermoanaerobacter_wiegelii	anaerobe
thermoanaerobacter_mathranii	anaerobe
thermoanaerobacter_sulfurophilus	anaerobe
thermoanaerobacter_siderophilus	anaerobe
thermoanaerobacter_kreatinophilus	anaerobe
thermoanaerobacter_sulfurigignens	anaerobe
thermoanaerobacter_uzonensis	anaerobe
thermoanaerobacter_pseudethanolicus	anaerobe
desulfovirgula_thermocuniculi	anaerobe
caldanaerobius_zeae	anaerobe
caldanaerobius_fijiensis	anaerobe
palaeococcus_ferrophilus	anaerobe
palaeococcus_helgesonii	anaerobe
pyrococcus_furiosus	anaerobe
pyrococcus_woesei	anaerobe
pyrococcus_horikoshii	anaerobe
pyrococcus_abyssi	anaerobe
thermococcus_celer	anaerobe
thermococcus_litoralis	anaerobe
thermococcus_stetteri	anaerobe
thermococcus_profundus	anaerobe
thermococcus_alcaliphilus	anaerobe
thermococcus_peptonophilus	anaerobe
thermococcus_barophilus	anaerobe
thermococcus_acidaminovorans	anaerobe
thermococcus_pacificus	anaerobe
thermococcus_gorgonarius	anaerobe
thermococcus_siculi	anaerobe
thermococcus_aggregans	anaerobe
thermococcus_guaymasensis	anaerobe
thermococcus_aegaeus	anaerobe
thermococcus_waiotapuensis	anaerobe
thermococcus_zilligii	anaerobe
thermococcus_fumicolans	anaerobe
thermococcus_sibiricus	anaerobe
thermococcus_thioreducens	anaerobe
thermococcus_atlanticus	anaerobe
thermococcus_marinus	anaerobe
thermococcus_radiotolerans	anaerobe
thermococcus_gammatolerans	anaerobe
thermodesulfatator_indicus	anaerobe
thermodesulfatator_atlanticus	anaerobe
thermodesulfobacterium_commune	anaerobe
thermodesulfobacterium_hveragerdense	anaerobe
thermodesulfobacterium_hydrogeniphilum	anaerobe
thermodesulfobacterium_thermophilum	anaerobe
caldimicrobium_rimae	anaerobe
thermosulfurimonas_dismutans	anaerobe
thermodesulfobium_narugense	anaerobe
coprothermobacter_proteolyticus	anaerobe
coprothermobacter_platensis	anaerobe
caldanaerovirga_acetigignens	anaerobe
thermofilum_pendens	anaerobe
thermofilum_librum	anaerobe
actinocorallia_cavernae	aerobe
actinomadura_nitritigenes	microaerophile
actinomadura_latina	aerobe
actinomadura_rudentiformis	aerobe
actinomadura_alba	aerobe
actinomadura_bangladeshensis	aerobe
actinomadura_chokoriensis	aerobe
actinomadura_keratinilytica	aerobe
actinomadura_flavalba	aerobe
actinomadura_sputi	microaerophile
actinomadura_scrupuli	aerobe
actinomadura_geliboluensis	aerobe
actinoallomurus_amamiensis	aerobe
actinoallomurus_coprocola	aerobe
actinoallomurus_iriomotensis	aerobe
actinoallomurus_luridus	aerobe
actinoallomurus_purpureus	aerobe
actinoallomurus_yoronensis	aerobe
actinoallomurus_acaciae	aerobe
actinoallomurus_oryzae	aerobe
actinoallomurus_radicium	aerobe
vulcanisaeta_distributa	anaerobe
vulcanisaeta_souniana	anaerobe
caldivirga_maquilingensis	anaerobe
pyrobaculum_islandicum	anaerobe
pyrobaculum_organotrophum	anaerobe
pyrobaculum_aerophilum	anaerobe
pyrobaculum_oguniense	anaerobe
pyrobaculum_arsenaticum	anaerobe
pyrobaculum_neutrophilum	anaerobe
thermoproteus_tenax	anaerobe
thermoproteus_uzoniensis	anaerobe
fervidobacterium_islandicum	anaerobe
fervidobacterium_pennivorans	anaerobe
fervidobacterium_gondwanense	anaerobe
fervidobacterium_changbaicum	anaerobe
fervidobacterium_riparium	anaerobe
marinitoga_camini	anaerobe
marinitoga_piezophila	anaerobe
marinitoga_hydrogenitolerans	anaerobe
marinitoga_okinawensis	anaerobe
marinitoga_litoralis	anaerobe
petrotoga_mobilis	anaerobe
petrotoga_miotherma	anaerobe
petrotoga_olearia	anaerobe
petrotoga_sibirica	anaerobe
petrotoga_halophila	anaerobe
thermosipho_africanus	anaerobe
thermosipho_melanesiensis	anaerobe
thermosipho_japonicus	anaerobe
thermosipho_atlanticus	anaerobe
thermosipho_globiformans	anaerobe
thermosipho_affectus	anaerobe
thermotoga_maritima	anaerobe
thermotoga_neapolitana	anaerobe
pseudothermotoga_thermarum	anaerobe
pseudothermotoga_elfii	anaerobe
pseudothermotoga_subterranea	anaerobe
pseudothermotoga_hypogea	anaerobe
thermotoga_naphthophila	anaerobe
pseudothermotoga_lettingae	anaerobe
kosmotoga_olearia	anaerobe
kosmotoga_arenicorallina	anaerobe
kosmotoga_shengliensis	anaerobe
defluviitoga_tunisiensis	anaerobe
mesotoga_prima	anaerobe
thiothrix_caldifontis	aerobe
thiothrix_lacustris	aerobe
truepera_radiovictrix	aerobe
tsukamurella_paurometabola	aerobe
tsukamurella_spumae	aerobe
tsukamurella_tyrosinosolvens	microaerophile
tsukamurella_pseudospumae	aerobe
acetonema_longum	anaerobe
allisonella_histaminiformans	anaerobe
anaeroarcus_burkinensis	anaerobe
anaeromusa_acidaminophila	anaerobe
anaerosinus_glycerini	anaerobe
anaerovibrio_lipolyticus	anaerobe
centipeda_periodontii	anaerobe
dendrosporobacter_quercicolus	anaerobe
dialister_pneumosintes	anaerobe
dialister_micraerophilus	anaerobe
dialister_succinatiphilus	anaerobe
megamonas_hypermegale	anaerobe
megamonas_funiformis	anaerobe
megamonas_rupellensis	anaerobe
megasphaera_cerevisiae	anaerobe
megasphaera_elsdenii	anaerobe
megasphaera_paucivorans	anaerobe
megasphaera_sueciensis	anaerobe
megasphaera_micronuciformis	anaerobe
mitsuokella_multacida	anaerobe
mitsuokella_jalaludinii	anaerobe
pectinatus_cerevisiiphilus	anaerobe
pectinatus_frisingensis	anaerobe
pectinatus_haikarae	anaerobe
pectinatus_brassicae	anaerobe
propionispira_arboris	anaerobe
propionispora_vibrioides	anaerobe
schwartzia_succinivorans	anaerobe
selenomonas_ruminantium	anaerobe
selenomonas_sputigena	anaerobe
selenomonas_lacticifex	anaerobe
selenomonas_artemidis	anaerobe
selenomonas_dianae	anaerobe
selenomonas_infelix	anaerobe
selenomonas_noxia	anaerobe
selenomonas_bovis	anaerobe
thermosinus_carboxydivorans	anaerobe
veillonella_atypica	anaerobe
veillonella_caviae	anaerobe
veillonella_criceti	anaerobe
veillonella_dispar	anaerobe
veillonella_parvula	anaerobe
veillonella_ratti	anaerobe
veillonella_rodentium	anaerobe
veillonella_montpellierensis	anaerobe
veillonella_rogosae	anaerobe
veillonella_denticariosi	anaerobe
veillonella_magna	anaerobe
propionispira_paucivorans	anaerobe
propionispira_raffinosivorans	anaerobe
sporomusa_acidovorans	anaerobe
sporomusa_ovata	anaerobe
sporomusa_paucivorans	anaerobe
sporomusa_sphaeroides	anaerobe
sporomusa_termitida	anaerobe
sporomusa_malonica	anaerobe
sporomusa_silvacetica	anaerobe
sporomusa_aerivorans	anaerobe
sporomusa_rhizae	anaerobe
pelosinus_propionicus	anaerobe
pelosinus_fermentans	anaerobe
sporolituus_thermophilus	anaerobe
negativicoccus_succinicivorans	anaerobe
luteolibacter_cuticulihirudinis	aerobe
persicirhabdus_sediminis	aerobe
catenococcus_thiocycli	facultative anaerobe
enterovibrio_calviensis	aerobe
enterovibrio_norvegicus	aerobe
enterovibrio_nigricans	facultative anaerobe
grimontia_hollisae	aerobe
listonella_damselae	aerobe
photobacterium_halotolerans	facultative anaerobe
photobacterium_frigidiphilum	facultative anaerobe
photobacterium_ganghwense	facultative anaerobe
photobacterium_lutimaris	anaerobe
photobacterium_swingsii	facultative anaerobe
salinivibrio_costicola	aerobe
salinivibrio_proteolyticus	facultative anaerobe
salinivibrio_siamensis	anaerobe
aliivibrio_fischeri	aerobe
aliivibrio_logei	aerobe
aliivibrio_finisterrensis	facultative anaerobe
aliivibrio_sifiae	aerobe
vibrio_diazotrophicus	aerobe
vibrio_harveyi	aerobe
vibrio_proteolyticus	aerobe
listonella_anguillarum	aerobe
vibrio_agarivorans	aerobe
vibrio_furnissii	aerobe
vibrio_aerogenes	aerobe
vibrio_ponticus	aerobe
vibrio_superstes	aerobe
vibrio_hispanicus	aerobe
vibrio_chagasii	aerobe
vibrio_kanaloae	aerobe
vibrio_brasiliensis	aerobe
vibrio_ezurae	aerobe
vibrio_litoralis	facultative anaerobe
vibrio_rhizosphaerae	facultative anaerobe
vibrio_navarrensis	aerobe
vibrio_gazogenes	aerobe
vibrio_mimicus	aerobe
vibrio_nereis	aerobe
vibrio_ordalii	aerobe
vibrio_tubiashii	aerobe
vibrio_mytili	aerobe
vibrio_fortis	aerobe
vibrio_hepatarius	aerobe
vibrio_porteresiae	anaerobe
vibrio_rarus	facultative anaerobe
vibrio_breoganii	facultative anaerobe
vibrio_casei	facultative anaerobe
vibrio_atypicus	facultative anaerobe
vibrio_marisflavi	facultative anaerobe
vibrio_caribbeanicus	facultative anaerobe
vibrio_xiamenensis	facultative aerobe
vibrio_alfacsensis	facultative anaerobe
williamsia_muralis	microaerophile
williamsia_maris	aerobe
williamsia_deligens	aerobe
williamsia_marianensis	aerobe
williamsia_serinedens	aerobe
williamsia_faeni	aerobe
williamsia_phyllosphaerae	aerobe
ancylobacter_polymorphus	aerobe
ancylobacter_vacuolatus	aerobe
ancylobacter_oerskovii	aerobe
labrys_methylaminiphilus	aerobe
labrys_portucalensis	aerobe
labrys_miyagiensis	aerobe
labrys_okinawensis	aerobe
labrys_wisconsinensis	facultative anaerobe
pseudoxanthobacter_soli	aerobe
aquimonas_voraii	aerobe
arenimonas_donghaensis	aerobe
arenimonas_malthae	aerobe
arenimonas_oryziterrae	aerobe
arenimonas_daejeonensis	aerobe
dokdonella_koreensis	aerobe
dokdonella_ginsengisoli	aerobe
dokdonella_soli	aerobe
dyella_japonica	aerobe
dyella_koreensis	aerobe
dyella_ginsengisoli	aerobe
dyella_marensis	aerobe
dyella_soli	aerobe
dyella_terrae	aerobe
dyella_thiooxydans	aerobe
frateuria_terrea	aerobe
luteibacter_rhizovicinus	aerobe
luteibacter_yeojuensis	aerobe
luteibacter_anthropi	aerobe
luteimonas_mephitis	aerobe
luteimonas_composti	aerobe
luteimonas_aquatica	aerobe
luteimonas_marina	aerobe
luteimonas_terricola	aerobe
lysobacter_enzymogenes	aerobe
lysobacter_gummosus	aerobe
lysobacter_brunescens	aerobe
lysobacter_concretionis	aerobe
lysobacter_daejeonensis	aerobe
lysobacter_yangpyeongensis	aerobe
lysobacter_dokdonensis	aerobe
lysobacter_niabensis	aerobe
lysobacter_niastensis	aerobe
lysobacter_defluvii	aerobe
lysobacter_koreensis	aerobe
lysobacter_spongiicola	aerobe
lysobacter_capsici	facultative anaerobe
lysobacter_oryzae	facultative anaerobe
lysobacter_ximonensis	aerobe
lysobacter_panaciterrae	aerobe
lysobacter_soli	aerobe
lysobacter_xinjiangensis	aerobe
lysobacter_ruishenii	aerobe
pseudoxanthomonas_broegbernensis	aerobe
pseudoxanthomonas_mexicana	aerobe
pseudoxanthomonas_japonensis	aerobe
pseudoxanthomonas_suwonensis	aerobe
pseudoxanthomonas_kaohsiungensis	aerobe
pseudoxanthomonas_daejeonensis	aerobe
pseudoxanthomonas_kalamensis	aerobe
pseudoxanthomonas_taiwanensis	aerobe
pseudoxanthomonas_dokdonensis	aerobe
pseudoxanthomonas_spadix	aerobe
pseudoxanthomonas_yeongjuensis	aerobe
pseudoxanthomonas_sacheonensis	aerobe
rhodanobacter_spathiphylli	aerobe
rhodanobacter_ginsengisoli	aerobe
rhodanobacter_fulvus	aerobe
rhodanobacter_thiooxydans	aerobe
rhodanobacter_terrae	aerobe
rhodanobacter_ginsenosidimutans	aerobe
rhodanobacter_soli	aerobe
rhodanobacter_denitrificans	facultative anaerobe
ignatzschineria_larvae	aerobe
stenotrophomonas_maltophilia	aerobe
stenotrophomonas_nitritireducens	aerobe
stenotrophomonas_acidaminiphila	aerobe
stenotrophomonas_rhizophila	aerobe
stenotrophomonas_koreensis	aerobe
stenotrophomonas_humi	aerobe
stenotrophomonas_terrae	aerobe
stenotrophomonas_chelatiphaga	aerobe
stenotrophomonas_ginsengisoli	aerobe
xanthomonas_campestris	aerobe
xanthomonas_fragariae	aerobe
wohlfahrtiimonas_chitiniclastica	aerobe
rudaea_cellulosilytica	aerobe
pseudofulvimonas_gallinarii	aerobe
desulfarculus_baarsii	anaerobe
patulibacter_minatonensis	aerobe
patulibacter_americanus	aerobe
patulibacter_ginsengiterrae	aerobe
caldilinea_aerophila	anaerobe
caldilinea_tarbellica	anaerobe
actinospica_acidiphila	aerobe
actinospica_robiniae	aerobe
catenulispora_acidiphila	aerobe
catenulispora_rubra	aerobe
catenulispora_subtropica	aerobe
catenulispora_yoronensis	aerobe
balnearium_lithotrophicum	anaerobe
desulfurobacterium_thermolithotrophum	anaerobe
desulfurobacterium_crinifex	anaerobe
desulfurobacterium_atlanticum	anaerobe
desulfurobacterium_pacificum	anaerobe
thermovibrio_ruber	anaerobe
thermovibrio_ammonificans	anaerobe
thermovibrio_guaymasensis	anaerobe
phorcysia_thermohydrogeniphila	anaerobe
ktedonobacter_racemifer	aerobe
puniceicoccus_vermicola	facultative anaerobe
coraliomargarita_akajimensis	aerobe
thermolithobacter_ferrireducens	anaerobe
natranaerobius_thermophilus	anaerobe
natranaerobius_trueperi	anaerobe
natronovirga_wadinatrunensis	anaerobe
methermicoccus_shengliensis	anaerobe
hydrocarboniphaga_effusa	aerobe
nevskia_soli	aerobe
nevskia_terrae	aerobe
cohaesibacter_gelatinilyticus	facultative anaerobe
granulosicoccus_coccoides	aerobe
methanocella_paludicola	anaerobe
methanocella_arvoryzae	anaerobe
methanocella_conradii	anaerobe
syntrophorhabdus_aromaticivorans	anaerobe
holophaga_foetida	anaerobe
geothrix_fermentans	anaerobe
haloplasma_contractile	anaerobe
acetivibrio_cellulolyticus	anaerobe
acetivibrio_ethanolgignens	anaerobe
youngiibacter_multivorans	anaerobe
anaerofilum_agile	anaerobe
anaerofilum_pentosovorans	anaerobe
anaerotruncus_colihominis	anaerobe
faecalibacterium_prausnitzii	anaerobe
papillibacter_cinnamivorans	anaerobe
ruminococcus_albus	anaerobe
ruminococcus_flavefaciens	anaerobe
blautia_obeum	anaerobe
ruminococcus_gauvreauii	anaerobe
ruminococcus_champanellensis	anaerobe
sporobacter_termitidis	anaerobe
subdoligranulum_variabile	anaerobe
ethanoligenens_harbinense	anaerobe
oscillibacter_valericigenes	anaerobe
hydrogenoanaerobacterium_saccharovorans	anaerobe
nitriliruptor_alkaliphilus	aerobe
algoriphagus_antarcticus	aerobe
algoriphagus_halophilus	aerobe
algoriphagus_ornithinivorans	aerobe
algoriphagus_mannitolivorans	aerobe
algoriphagus_winogradskyi	aerobe
algoriphagus_aquimarinus	aerobe
algoriphagus_chordae	aerobe
algoriphagus_yeomjeoni	aerobe
algoriphagus_locisalis	aerobe
algoriphagus_terrigena	aerobe
algoriphagus_vanfongensis	aerobe
algoriphagus_aquaeductus	aerobe
algoriphagus_hitonicola	aerobe
aquiflexum_balticum	aerobe
belliella_baltica	aerobe
echinicola_pacifica	facultative anaerobe
fontibacter_flavus	aerobe
actinopolyspora_algeriensis	aerobe
fodinicola_feengrottensis	aerobe
iamia_majanohamensis	aerobe
balneola_vulgaris	aerobe
balneola_alkaliphila	aerobe
chitinophaga_ginsengisegetis	aerobe
chitinophaga_skermanii	aerobe
chitinophaga_terrae	aerobe
chitinophaga_niabensis	aerobe
chitinophaga_niastensis	aerobe
chitinophaga_rupis	aerobe
niastella_koreensis	aerobe
niastella_yeongjuensis	aerobe
niabella_aurantiaca	aerobe
niabella_soli	aerobe
segetibacter_koreensis	aerobe
flavisolibacter_ginsengiterrae	aerobe
flavisolibacter_ginsengisoli	aerobe
filimonas_lacunae	aerobe
gracilimonas_tropica	aerobe
hydrotalea_sandarakina	aerobe
aminobacterium_colombiense	anaerobe
aminobacterium_mobile	anaerobe
aminomonas_paucivorans	anaerobe
dethiosulfovibrio_peptidovorans	anaerobe
dethiosulfovibrio_marinus	anaerobe
dethiosulfovibrio_russensis	anaerobe
dethiosulfovibrio_acidaminovorans	anaerobe
dethiosulfovibrio_salsuginis	anaerobe
thermovirga_lienii	anaerobe
acetomicrobium_mobile	anaerobe
acetomicrobium_hydrogeniformans	anaerobe
thermanaerovibrio_acidaminovorans	anaerobe
thermanaerovibrio_velox	anaerobe
aminiphilus_circumscriptus	anaerobe
cloacibacillus_evryensis	anaerobe
jonquetella_anthropi	anaerobe
pyramidobacter_piscolens	anaerobe
salinisphaera_dokdonensis	aerobe
salinisphaera_hydrothermalis	aerobe
salinisphaera_halophila	aerobe
phaselicystis_flava	aerobe
rhodothermus_profundi	aerobe
salisaeta_longa	aerobe
caldisericum_exile	anaerobe
acidilobus_aceticus	anaerobe
acidilobus_saccharovorans	anaerobe
ruania_albidiflava	aerobe
caldicoprobacter_oshimai	anaerobe
caldicoprobacter_algeriensis	anaerobe
anaerophaga_thermohalophila	anaerobe
natronoflexus_pectinivorans	anaerobe
mangroviflexus_xiamenensis	anaerobe
alkalitalea_saponilacus	anaerobe
thermophagus_xiamenensis	anaerobe
gracilibacter_thermotolerans	anaerobe
ignavibacterium_album	anaerobe
fervidicoccus_fontis	anaerobe
jiangella_gansuensis	aerobe
jiangella_alkaliphila	aerobe
jiangella_alba	aerobe
jiangella_muralis	aerobe
haloactinopolyspora_alba	aerobe
sutterella_wadsworthensis	anaerobe
sutterella_stercoricanis	anaerobe
sutterella_parvirubra	anaerobe
parasutterella_excrementihominis	anaerobe
celerinatantimonas_diazotrophica	facultative anaerobe
demequina_lutea	facultative anaerobe
demequina_salsinemoris	aerobe
demequina_flava	anaerobe
demequina_sediminicola	anaerobe
demequina_mangrovi	facultative anaerobe
chthonomonas_calidirosea	aerobe
thiohalophilus_thiocyanatoxydans	microaerophile
thioprofundum_lithotrophicum	microaerophile
thioprofundum_hispidum	microaerophile
akkermansia_muciniphila	anaerobe
rubritalea_squalenifaciens	aerobe
brachyspira_murdochii	anaerobe
methanolinea_tarda	anaerobe
methanolinea_mesophila	anaerobe
methanosphaerula_palustris	anaerobe
methanoregula_boonei	anaerobe
methanoregula_formicica	anaerobe
kordiimonas_gwangyangensis	aerobe
leptotrichia_buccalis	anaerobe
leptotrichia_amnionii	anaerobe
leptotrichia_trevisanii	anaerobe
leptotrichia_goodfellowii	anaerobe
leptotrichia_hofstadii	anaerobe
leptotrichia_shahii	anaerobe
leptotrichia_wadei	anaerobe
leptotrichia_hongkongensis	anaerobe
streptobacillus_moniliformis	microaerophile
sebaldella_termitidis	anaerobe
mariprofundus_ferrooxydans	microaerophile
amorphus_coralli	aerobe
amorphus_orientalis	aerobe
rhizomicrobium_electricum	obligate anaerobe
elioraea_tepidiphila	aerobe
reyranella_massiliensis	microaerophile
defluviitalea_saccharophila	anaerobe
sandaracinus_amylolyticus	aerobe
hoyosella_altamirensis	aerobe
luteimicrobium_subarcticum	aerobe
tomitella_biformata	aerobe
sinosporangium_album	aerobe
motilibacter_peucedani	aerobe
thiohalomonas_denitrificans	anaerobe
thiohalomonas_nitratireducens	anaerobe
thiohalorhabdus_denitrificans	microaerophile
gilvimarinus_chinensis	aerobe
methylohalomonas_lacus	aerobe
methylonatrum_kenyense	aerobe
spongiibacter_marinus	aerobe
spongiibacter_tropicus	aerobe
simiduia_agarivorans	aerobe
simiduia_areninigrae	aerobe
spongiispira_norvegica	aerobe
congregibacter_litoralis	microaerophile
thiohalobacter_thiocyanaticus	aerobe
umboniibacter_marinipuniceus	aerobe
porticoccus_litoralis	aerobe
marinicella_litoralis	aerobe
arenicella_xantha	aerobe
cocleimonas_flava	aerobe
aquabacterium_parvum	aerobe
aquabacterium_citratiphilum	aerobe
aquabacterium_commune	aerobe
aquabacterium_limnoticum	facultative anaerobe
paucibacter_toxinivorans	aerobe
rubrivivax_gelatinosus	anaerobe
thiobacter_subterraneus	microaerophile
thiomonas_bhubaneswarensis	aerobe
ideonella_azotifigens	aerobe
aquincola_tertiaricarbonis	aerobe
inhella_inkyongensis	aerobe
piscinibacter_aquaticus	facultative aerobe
acidaminobacter_hydrogenoformans	anaerobe
anaerobranca_horikoshii	anaerobe
anaerobranca_gottschalkii	anaerobe
anaerobranca_californiensis	anaerobe
anaerobranca_zavarzinii	anaerobe
anaerococcus_tetradius	anaerobe
anaerococcus_prevotii	anaerobe
anaerococcus_hydrogenalis	anaerobe
anaerococcus_lactolyticus	anaerobe
anaerococcus_vaginalis	anaerobe
anaerococcus_octavius	anaerobe
anaerococcus_murdochii	anaerobe
anaerococcus_senegalensis	anaerobe
anaerovorax_odorimutans	anaerobe
carboxydocella_thermautotrophica	anaerobe
carboxydocella_sporoproducens	anaerobe
carboxydocella_manganica	anaerobe
howardella_ureilytica	anaerobe
dethiosulfatibacter_aminovorans	anaerobe
finegoldia_magna	anaerobe
gallicola_barnesae	anaerobe
guggenheimella_bovis	anaerobe
helcococcus_ovis	anaerobe
helcococcus_sueciensis	anaerobe
mahella_australiensis	anaerobe
mogibacterium_timidum	anaerobe
peptoniphilus_asaccharolyticus	anaerobe
peptoniphilus_indolicus	anaerobe
peptoniphilus_lacrimalis	anaerobe
peptoniphilus_harei	anaerobe
peptoniphilus_ivorii	anaerobe
peptoniphilus_olsenii	anaerobe
peptoniphilus_gorbachii	anaerobe
peptoniphilus_methioninivorax	anaerobe
peptoniphilus_koenoeneniae	anaerobe
sedimentibacter_hydroxybenzoicus	anaerobe
sedimentibacter_saalensis	anaerobe
sedimentibacter_hongkongensis	anaerobe
soehngenia_saccharolytica	anaerobe
sporanaerobacter_acetigenes	anaerobe
symbiobacterium_thermophilum	anaerobe
thermosediminibacter_oceani	anaerobe
thermosediminibacter_litoriperuensis	anaerobe
tissierella_creatinophila	anaerobe
tissierella_creatinini	anaerobe
tissierella_praeacuta	anaerobe
caldicellulosiruptor_bescii	anaerobe
caldicellulosiruptor_acetigenus	anaerobe
caldicellulosiruptor_lactoaceticus	anaerobe
caldicellulosiruptor_saccharolyticus	anaerobe
caldicellulosiruptor_kristjanssonii	anaerobe
caldicellulosiruptor_hydrothermalis	anaerobe
caldicellulosiruptor_kronotskyensis	anaerobe
fusibacter_paucivorans	anaerobe
sulfobacillus_thermotolerans	aerobe
thermaerobacter_marianensis	obligate aerobe
thermaerobacter_litoralis	aerobe
thermoanaerobacterium_thermosaccharolyticum	anaerobe
thermoanaerobacterium_thermosulfurigenes	anaerobe
thermoanaerobacterium_xylanolyticum	anaerobe
thermoanaerobacterium_saccharolyticum	anaerobe
thermoanaerobacterium_aotearoense	anaerobe
thermoanaerobacterium_bryantii	anaerobe
thermoanaerobacterium_aciditolerans	anaerobe
thermoanaerobacterium_thermostercoris	anaerobe
thermovenabulum_gondwanense	anaerobe
anaerovirgula_multivorans	anaerobe
parvimonas_micra	anaerobe
blautia_coccoides	anaerobe
blautia_producta	anaerobe
blautia_hansenii	anaerobe
blautia_schinkii	anaerobe
blautia_hydrogenotrophica	anaerobe
blautia_luti	anaerobe
blautia_wexlerae	anaerobe
blautia_glucerasea	anaerobe
proteiniborus_ethanoligenes	anaerobe
thermovorax_subterraneus	anaerobe
proteocatella_sphenisci	anaerobe
flavonifractor_plautii	anaerobe
pseudoflavonifractor_capillosus	anaerobe
murdochiella_asaccharolytica	anaerobe
syntrophaceticus_schinkii	anaerobe
natranaerovirga_pectinivora	anaerobe
natranaerovirga_hydrolytica	anaerobe
caloribacterium_cisternae	anaerobe
acetatifactor_muris	anaerobe
caldithrix_abyssi	anaerobe
caldithrix_palaeochoryensis	anaerobe
thermotomaculum_hydrothermale	anaerobe
thermosulfidibacter_takaii	anaerobe
archaeoglobus_fulgidus	anaerobe
archaeoglobus_profundus	anaerobe
archaeoglobus_veneficus	anaerobe
archaeoglobus_infectus	anaerobe
archaeoglobus_sulfaticallidus	anaerobe
ferroglobus_placidus	anaerobe
geoglobus_acetivorans	anaerobe
exiguobacterium_antarcticum	aerobe
exiguobacterium_undae	aerobe
exiguobacterium_aestuarii	aerobe
exiguobacterium_oxidotolerans	aerobe
exiguobacterium_sibiricum	aerobe
exiguobacterium_mexicanum	aerobe
exiguobacterium_artemiae	aerobe
exiguobacterium_soli	aerobe
gemella_morbillorum	microaerophile
gemella_cuniculi	microaerophile
thermicanus_aegyptius	anaerobe
rummeliibacillus_stabekisii	aerobe
geomicrobium_halophilum	aerobe
desulfuribacillus_alkaliarsenatis	anaerobe
phocaeicola_abscessus	anaerobe
oceanotoga_teriensis	anaerobe
ohtaekwangia_koreensis	aerobe
ohtaekwangia_kribbensis	aerobe
methanocalculus_pumilus	anaerobe
methanocalculus_halotolerans	anaerobe
methanocalculus_chunghsingensis	anaerobe
methanocalculus_taiwanensis	anaerobe
methanomassiliicoccus_luminyensis	anaerobe
deferrisoma_camini	anaerobe
algiphilus_aromaticivorans	aerobe
solimonas_variicoloris	aerobe
solimonas_flava	aerobe
solimonas_soli	aerobe
granulicella_arctica	aerobe
granulicella_mallensis	aerobe
granulicella_sapmiensis	aerobe
granulicella_tundricola	aerobe
arcanobacterium_phocisimile	microaerophile
paenalcaligenes_hominis	aerobe
alishewanella_tabrizica	aerobe
agarivorans_gilvus	aerobe
bacillus_daliensis	facultative anaerobe
bacillus_gottheilii	aerobe
bacillus_persicus	aerobe
virgibacillus_alimentarius	aerobe
lysinibacillus_meyeri	aerobe
domibacillus_robiginosus	aerobe
bacteroides_rodentium	anaerobe
bacteroides_faecichinchillae	anaerobe
brevibacterium_siliguriense	aerobe
brevibacterium_yomogidense	aerobe
paenochrobactrum_gallinarii	aerobe
caballeronia_grimmiae	aerobe
cupriavidus_pampae	aerobe
pseudarcobacter_defluvii	microaerophile
alkalibacterium_gilvum	microaerophile
paraoerskovia_sediminicola	facultative anaerobe
thiocapsa_imhoffii	anaerobe
caloramator_quimbayensis	anaerobe
brassicibacter_mesophilus	anaerobe
salimesophilobacter_vulgaris	anaerobe
fonticella_tunisiensis	anaerobe
keratinibaculum_paraultunense	anaerobe
delftia_litopenaei	aerobe
senegalimassilia_anaerobia	obligate anaerobe
enorma_massiliensis	obligate anaerobe
adlercreutzia_caecicola	anaerobe
rudaeicoccus_suwonensis	aerobe
barrientosiimonas_marina	aerobe
tonsilliphilus_suis	anaerobe
desulfatitalea_tepidiphila	anaerobe
desulfoconvexum_algidum	anaerobe
desulfonatronum_alkalitolerans	anaerobe
dietzia_aurantiaca	aerobe
brenneria_goodwinii	facultative anaerobe
budvicia_diplopodorum	facultative anaerobe
klebsiella_michiganensis	aerobe
pantoea_rodasii	facultative anaerobe
pantoea_wallisii	facultative anaerobe
xenorhabdus_ishibashii	facultative anaerobe
phaseolibacter_flectens	facultative anaerobe
coprobacillus_cateniformis	anaerobe
psychroflexus_sediminis	aerobe
chryseobacterium_vrystaatense	aerobe
chryseobacterium_piscium	aerobe
chryseobacterium_arthrosphaerae	aerobe
pseudozobellia_thermophila	aerobe
cruoricaptor_ignavus	microaerophile
jatrophihabitans_endophyticus	aerobe
geobacter_luticola	anaerobe
geodermatophilus_saharensis	aerobe
klenkia_soli	aerobe
klenkia_terrae	aerobe
endozoicomonas_numazuensis	facultative anaerobe
halorubrum_kocurii	aerobe
halobellus_salinus	aerobe
halomonas_smyrnensis	facultative aerobe
pedococcus_badiiscoriae	aerobe
stomatobaculum_longum	anaerobe
lactobacillus_kimchiensis	microaerophile
leptospira_idonii	aerobe
listeria_weihenstephanensis	anaerobe
methanothermobacter_tenebrarum	anaerobe
methylobacterium_oxalidis	aerobe
methylopila_musalis	aerobe
pleomorphomonas_diazotrophica	aerobe
methylotenera_versatilis	facultative anaerobe
microbacterium_oryzae	aerobe
microbacterium_lemovicicum	aerobe
tersicoccus_phoenicis	aerobe
actinoplanes_atraurantiacus	aerobe
micromonospora_maritima	aerobe
micromonospora_sediminicola	aerobe
micromonospora_wenchangensis	aerobe
micromonospora_sonneratiae	aerobe
phytohabitans_flavus	aerobe
phytohabitans_houttuyneae	aerobe
phytohabitans_rumicis	aerobe
micromonospora_phaseoli	aerobe
acinetobacter_septicus	aerobe
nakamurella_flavida	aerobe
pseudenhygromyxa_salsuginis	aerobe
chromobacterium_vaccinii	aerobe
amantichitinum_ursilacus	facultative anaerobe
gordonia_caeni	aerobe
rhodococcus_cerastii	aerobe
kribbella_endophytica	aerobe
nocardioides_perillae	aerobe
nocardioides_albertanoniae	aerobe
streptomonospora_sediminis	aerobe
duganella_zoogloeoides	aerobe
brevibacillus_nitrificans	facultative anaerobe
cohnella_arctica	aerobe
paenibacillus_typhae	facultative anaerobe
paenibacillus_catalpae	aerobe
desulfosporosinus_burensis	anaerobe
desulfotomaculum_defluvii	anaerobe
desulfohalotomaculum_peckii	anaerobe
peptostreptococcus_canis	anaerobe
bhargavaea_ullalensis	aerobe
chryseomicrobium_amylolyticum	aerobe
alloprevotella_rava	anaerobe
promicromonospora_endophytica	aerobe
pseudomonas_arsenicoxydans	aerobe
saccharomonospora_amisosensis	aerobe
rhizobium_subbaraonis	facultative anaerobe
yoonia_tamlensis	aerobe
pseudovibrio_axinellae	anaerobe
salipiger_bermudensis	facultative anaerobe
yangia_pacifica	aerobe
shimia_marina	aerobe
maribius_pelagius	aerobe
maribius_salinus	aerobe
thalassococcus_halodurans	aerobe
litoreibacter_albidus	aerobe
litoreibacter_janthinus	aerobe
pelagimonas_varians	aerobe
anaerocella_delicata	anaerobe
pedobacter_ruber	aerobe
pedobacter_tournemirensis	aerobe
novosphingobium_barchaimii	aerobe
novosphingobium_fuchskuhlense	aerobe
novosphingobium_lindaniclasticum	aerobe
sphingobium_vulgare	aerobe
sphingobium_cupriresistens	aerobe
sphingobium_limneticum	aerobe
sphingobium_boeckii	aerobe
sphingobium_baderi	aerobe
sphingomonas_ginsengisoli	aerobe
sphingomonas_sediminicola	aerobe
sphingomonas_polyaromaticivorans	aerobe
sphingomonas_cynarae	aerobe
sphingomonas_starnbergensis	aerobe
sphingopyxis_italica	aerobe
stakelama_sediminis	aerobe
sphingorhabdus_planktonica	aerobe
treponema_maltophilum	anaerobe
salinicoccus_qingdaonensis	aerobe
streptococcus_danieliae	microaerophile
streptococcus_troglodytae	microaerophile
streptococcus_hongkongensis	microaerophile
streptomyces_chilikensis	aerobe
streptomyces_harbinensis	aerobe
streptomyces_viridis	aerobe
streptomyces_laculatispora	aerobe
streptomyces_incanus	aerobe
streptomyces_shaanxiensis	aerobe
streptomyces_chiangmaiensis	aerobe
streptomyces_lannensis	aerobe
streptomyces_chlorus	aerobe
microbispora_siamensis	aerobe
streptosporangium_sandarakinum	aerobe
syntrophus_aciditrophicus	anaerobe
melghirimyces_profundicolus	aerobe
thermacetogenium_phaeum	anaerobe
thermoanaerobacter_pentosaceus	anaerobe
brockia_lithotrophica	anaerobe
palaeococcus_pacificus	anaerobe
actinoallomurus_acanthiterrae	aerobe
anaerospora_hongkongensis	anaerobe
roseimicrobium_gellanilyticum	aerobe
photobacterium_gaetbulicola	aerobe
vibrio_jasicida	facultative anaerobe
arenimonas_daechungensis	aerobe
lysobacter_arseniciresistens	aerobe
silanimonas_mangrovi	aerobe
metallibacterium_scheffleri	facultative anaerobe
patulibacter_medicamentivorans	aerobe
litorilinea_aerophila	aerobe
catenulispora_graminis	aerobe
aciduliprofundum_boonei	anaerobe
caldinitratiruptor_microaerophilus	anaerobe
algoriphagus_machipongonensis	aerobe
cloacibacillus_porcorum	anaerobe
caldicoprobacter_guelmensis	anaerobe
inhella_fonticola	aerobe
chitinivorax_tropicus	facultative anaerobe
peptoniphilus_grossensis	obligate anaerobe
peptoniphilus_obesi	obligate anaerobe
peptoniphilus_senegalensis	obligate anaerobe
dissulfuribacter_thermophilus	anaerobe
fontimonas_thermophila	aerobe
fretibacterium_fastidiosum	anaerobe
oligosphaera_ethanolica	anaerobe
belnapia_soli	aerobe
humitalea_rosea	aerobe
schaalia_turicensis	microaerophile
gleimia_europaea	microaerophile
actinomyces_ruminicola	obligate anaerobe
flaviflexus_huanghaiensis	facultative anaerobe
aerococcus_vaginalis	microaerophile
aeromonas_australiensis	facultative anaerobe
eoetvoesia_caeni	facultative anaerobe
effusibacillus_consociatus	aerobe
halioglobus_japonicus	aerobe
halioglobus_pacificus	aerobe
bacillus_velezensis	aerobe
bacillus_nanhaiisediminis	aerobe
bacillus_ginsengisoli	aerobe
bacillus_halosaccharovorans	aerobe
marinococcus_tarijensis	aerobe
oceanobacillus_indicireducens	aerobe
ornithinibacillus_halophilus	aerobe
amphibacillus_marinus	facultative aerobe
gracilibacillus_orientalis	aerobe
virgibacillus_halotolerans	aerobe
terribacillus_aidingensis	aerobe
lysinibacillus_massiliensis	aerobe
lysinibacillus_sinduriensis	aerobe
lysinibacillus_contaminans	aerobe
lysinibacillus_manganicus	aerobe
tumebacillus_flagellatus	aerobe
saliterribacillus_persicus	aerobe
fictibacillus_phosphorivorans	facultative anaerobe
tepidibacillus_fermentans	anaerobe
texcoconibacillus_texcoconensis	aerobe
thermolongibacillus_altinsuensis	aerobe
thermolongibacillus_kozakliensis	aerobe
bacteroides_luti	anaerobe
bartonella_henselae	microaerophile
bartonella_vinsonii	microaerophile
bartonella_acomydis	aerobe
bartonella_callosciuri	aerobe
bartonella_jaculi	aerobe
bartonella_pachyuromydis	aerobe
bartonella_florencae	microaerophile
bifidobacterium_moukalabense	obligate anaerobe
bifidobacterium_aesculapii	anaerobe
pseudoscardovia_suis	anaerobe
georgenia_daeguensis	aerobe
georgenia_satyanarayanai	aerobe
georgenia_sediminis	facultative anaerobe
brevibacterium_daeguense	aerobe
spelaeicoccus_albus	aerobe
falsochrobactrum_ovis	aerobe
halarcobacter_anaerophilus	anaerobe
sulfurospirillum_alkalitolerans	anaerobe
carnobacterium_iners	facultative anaerobe
pisciglobus_halotolerans	microaerophile
cellulomonas_marina	facultative anaerobe
allochromatium_palmeri	anaerobe
thermochromatium_tepidum	anaerobe
clostridium_dakarense	anaerobe
clostridium_geopurificans	anaerobe
clostridium_bornimense	anaerobe
fervidicella_metallireducens	anaerobe
oceanirhabdus_sediminicola	anaerobe
youngiibacter_fragilis	anaerobe
hungatella_effluvii	anaerobe
acidovorax_wautersii	aerobe
rhodoferax_antarcticus	anaerobe
rhodoferax_saidenbachensis	aerobe
corynebacterium_uterequi	microaerophile
corynebacterium_frankenforstense	aerobe
dyadobacter_beijingensis	aerobe
dyadobacter_soli	aerobe
spirosoma_endophyticum	aerobe
pontibacter_akesuensis	aerobe
seleniivibrio_woodruffii	anaerobe
deinococcus_wulumuqiensis	aerobe
deinococcus_humi	aerobe
desulfatiferula_berrensis	anaerobe
desulfonatronum_buryatense	anaerobe
desulfocurvus_thunnarius	anaerobe
pectobacterium_aroidearum	facultative anaerobe
xenorhabdus_khoisanae	aerobe
gibbsiella_dentisursi	facultative anaerobe
rosenbergiella_nectarea	facultative anaerobe
enterococcus_olivae	microaerophile
dielma_fastidiosa	anaerobe
ferrimonas_sediminum	facultative anaerobe
flammeovirga_kamogawensis	aerobe
limibacter_armeniacum	aerobe
aequorivita_viscosa	aerobe
elizabethkingia_anophelis	aerobe
flaviramulus_ichthyoenteri	aerobe
flavobacterium_thermophilum	aerobe
flavobacterium_aciduliphilum	aerobe
flavobacterium_fontis	aerobe
flavobacterium_cutihirudinis	aerobe
flavobacterium_akiainvivens	aerobe
muricauda_zhangzhouensis	aerobe
muricauda_antarctica	aerobe
myroides_guanonis	aerobe
chryseobacterium_frigidisoli	aerobe
chryseobacterium_carnipullorum	aerobe
chryseobacterium_hispalense	aerobe
gramella_forsetii	obligate aerobe
lutibacter_flavus	aerobe
lutibacter_agarilyticus	aerobe
olleya_namhaensis	aerobe
sinomicrobium_oceani	aerobe
ferriphaselus_amnicola	microaerophile
geodermatophilus_normandii	aerobe
geodermatophilus_africanus	aerobe
geodermatophilus_tzadiensis	aerobe
klenkia_taihuensis	aerobe
halanaerobium_sehlinense	anaerobe
natronococcus_roseus	aerobe
haloferax_larsenii	aerobe
haloferax_elongans	aerobe
haloferax_mucosum	aerobe
natronobacterium_texcoconense	aerobe
halopiger_salifodinae	aerobe
halarchaeum_rubridurum	aerobe
halolamina_salifodinae	aerobe
helicobacter_pametensis	microaerophile
sulfurimonas_hongkongensis	anaerobe
arsenicicoccus_dermatophilus	facultative anaerobe
janibacter_cremeus	facultative anaerobe
serinicoccus_chungangensis	aerobe
terrabacter_carboxydivorans	aerobe
pedococcus_cremeus	aerobe
oribacterium_parvum	anaerobe
oribacterium_asaccharolyticum	anaerobe
fusicatenibacter_saccharivorans	anaerobe
eisenbergiella_tayi	anaerobe
mobilitalea_sibirica	anaerobe
lactobacillus_koreensis	microaerophile
lactobacillus_porcinae	microaerophile
lactobacillus_silagei	microaerophile
lactobacillus_mudanjiangensis	microaerophile
lactobacillus_songhuajiangensis	microaerophile
lactobacillus_rodentium	microaerophile
lactobacillus_bombi	anaerobe
lactobacillus_furfuricola	microaerophile
legionella_nagasakiensis	microaerophile
methanobacterium_movilense	anaerobe
methanobacterium_paludis	anaerobe
methanobrevibacter_boviskoreani	anaerobe
methanoculleus_horonobensis	anaerobe
methanomethylovorans_uponensis	anaerobe
methanococcoides_vulcani	anaerobe
methanohalophilus_levihalophilus	anaerobe
methanolobus_chelungpuianus	anaerobe
methanosarcina_subterranea	anaerobe
methanosarcina_spelaei	anaerobe
methanosarcina_soligelidi	anaerobe
methanospirillum_stamsii	anaerobe
methylobacterium_tarhaniae	aerobe
methylobacterium_brachythecii	aerobe
methylobacterium_haplocladii	aerobe
methylomarinum_vadi	aerobe
hansschlegelia_beijingensis	aerobe
agrococcus_terreus	aerobe
agromyces_tropicus	aerobe
cryobacterium_flavum	aerobe
cryobacterium_levicorallinum	aerobe
microbacterium_saccharophilum	aerobe
humibacter_antri	aerobe
canibacter_oris	microaerophile
pseudarthrobacter_siccitolerans	aerobe
micrococcus_terreus	aerobe
rothia_endophytica	aerobe
zhihengliuella_flava	facultative anaerobe
micromonospora_schwarzwaldensis	aerobe
micromonospora_kangleipakensis	aerobe
micromonospora_andamanensis	aerobe
acinetobacter_kookii	aerobe
kribbella_shirazensis	aerobe
nocardioides_terrae	aerobe
nocardioides_szechwanensis	aerobe
nocardioides_psychrotolerans	aerobe
nocardiopsis_fildesensis	aerobe
streptomonospora_nanhaiensis	aerobe
herminiimonas_contaminans	aerobe
noviherbaspirillum_massiliense	aerobe
noviherbaspirillum_psychrotolerans	facultative anaerobe
paenibacillus_pectinilyticus	microaerophile
paenibacillus_chungangensis	aerobe
paenibacillus_puldeungensis	facultative anaerobe
paenibacillus_chartarius	aerobe
paenibacillus_vulneris	aerobe
paenibacillus_thermoaerophilus	aerobe
fontibacillus_panacisegetis	facultative anaerobe
bisgaardia_hudsonensis	microaerophile
bisgaardia_genomospecies	microaerophile
desulfofarcimen_intricatum	anaerobe
romboutsia_ilealis	anaerobe
aquamicrobium_segne	aerobe
pseudohoeflea_suaedae	aerobe
methylophaga_frappieri	aerobe
methylophaga_nitratireducenticrescens	aerobe
planomicrobium_flavidum	aerobe
paenisporosarcina_indica	aerobe
parabacteroides_chinchillae	anaerobe
coprobacter_fastidiosus	anaerobe
falsiporphyromonas_endometrii	anaerobe
prevotella_jejuni	anaerobe
hallella_seregens	anaerobe
microlunatus_flavus	aerobe
pseudomonas_taeanensis	aerobe
pseudomonas_composti	aerobe
pseudomonas_entomophila	aerobe
pseudomonas_punonensis	aerobe
pseudomonas_sagittaria	aerobe
pseudomonas_guariconensis	aerobe
actinokineospora_bangkokensis	aerobe
amycolatopsis_cihanbeyliensis	aerobe
lentzea_nigeriaca	aerobe
salinifilum_ghardaiensis	aerobe
actinophytocola_burenkhanensis	aerobe
longimycelium_tulufanense	aerobe
kaistia_hirudinis	aerobe
rhizobium_leucaenae	aerobe
rhizobium_petrolearium	aerobe
rhizobium_mesoamericanum	aerobe
ciceribacter_lividus	aerobe
jannaschia_aquimarina	aerobe
loktanella_atrilutea	aerobe
pseudophaeobacter_leonis	aerobe
roseivivax_pacificus	aerobe
aliiroseovarius_halocynthiae	aerobe
roseovarius_litoreus	aerobe
roseovarius_lutimaris	aerobe
ruegeria_faecimaris	aerobe
ruegeria_conchae	aerobe
ruegeria_intermedia	aerobe
cognatishimia_maritima	aerobe
shimia_haliotis	aerobe
donghicola_eburneus	aerobe
salinihabitans_flavidus	aerobe
seohaeicola_saemankumensis	anaerobe
marivita_byunsanensis	aerobe
hasllibacter_halocynthiae	aerobe
actibacterium_mucosum	aerobe
epibacterium_ulvae	aerobe
oceanicella_actignis	aerobe
planktomarina_temperata	aerobe
sulfurisoma_sediminicola	anaerobe
limimonas_halophila	aerobe
alistipes_timonensis	anaerobe
pedobacter_nutrimenti	aerobe
sphingobacterium_psychroaquaticum	aerobe
sphingobium_jiangsuense	aerobe
sphingopyxis_ginsengisoli	aerobe
sphingopyxis_indica	aerobe
staphylococcus_petrasii	aerobe
lactococcus_fujiensis	microaerophile
streptococcus_porcorum	microaerophile
streptococcus_rupicaprae	microaerophile
streptococcus_rubneri	microaerophile
streptomyces_wuyuanensis	aerobe
streptomyces_aidingensis	aerobe
streptomyces_abietis	aerobe
planobispora_siamensis	aerobe
marininema_mesophilum	aerobe
marininema_halotolerans	aerobe
melghirimyces_thermohalophilus	aerobe
moorella_stamsii	anaerobe
caldanaerobius_polysaccharolyticus	anaerobe
calderihabitans_maritimus	anaerobe
actinomadura_xylanilytica	aerobe
thermotoga_profunda	anaerobe
thermotoga_caldifontis	anaerobe
vibrio_parahaemolyticus	aerobe
williamsia_sterculiae	aerobe
azorhizobium_oxalatiphilum	aerobe
arenimonas_metalli	aerobe
dyella_jiangningensis	aerobe
luteimonas_cucumeris	aerobe
luteimonas_huabeiensis	aerobe
chiayiivirga_flava	aerobe
rehaibacterium_terrae	aerobe
marinimicrobium_haloxylanilyticum	aerobe
natranaerobaculum_magadiense	anaerobe
acanthopleuribacter_pedis	aerobe
ercella_succinigenes	anaerobe
algoriphagus_zhangzhouensis	aerobe
belliella_pelovolcani	aerobe
nitritalea_halalkaliphila	aerobe
cecembia_calidifontis	aerobe
mariniradius_saccharolyticus	aerobe
actinopolyspora_saharensis	aerobe
actinopolyspora_lacussalsi	aerobe
actinopolyspora_mzabensis	aerobe
actinopolyspora_righensis	aerobe
niabella_hirudinis	aerobe
niabella_drilacis	aerobe
sediminibacterium_salmoneum	aerobe
sediminibacterium_ginsengisoli	facultative anaerobe
gracilimonas_mengyeensis	facultative anaerobe
aminivibrio_pyruvatiphilus	anaerobe
thermogemmatispora_carboxidivorans	microaerophile
celerinatantimonas_yamalensis	facultative anaerobe
christensenella_minuta	anaerobe
amorphus_suaedae	aerobe
eilatimonas_milleporae	aerobe
methyloligella_halotolerans	aerobe
teredinibacter_turnerae	aerobe
plasticicumulans_lactativorans	aerobe
neiella_marina	aerobe
pleionea_mediterranea	aerobe
anaerococcus_pacaensis	obligate anaerobe
peptoniphilus_timonensis	anaerobe
tissierella_carlieri	anaerobe
catabacter_hongkongensis	anaerobe
blautia_faecis	anaerobe
vallitalea_guaymasensis	anaerobe
vallitalea_pronyensis	anaerobe
intestinimonas_butyriciproducens	anaerobe
thermoanaerobaculum_aquaticum	anaerobe
paludibaculum_fermentans	microaerophile
geoglobus_ahangari	anaerobe
exiguobacterium_indicum	aerobe
exiguobacterium_alkaliphilum	facultative anaerobe
mesoaciditoga_lauensis	anaerobe
aliifodinibius_roseus	facultative anaerobe
aliifodinibius_sediminis	aerobe
desulfocarbo_indianensis	anaerobe
gordonibacter_urolithinfaciens	anaerobe
chryseolinea_serpens	aerobe
lactivibrio_alcoholicus	anaerobe
orbus_sasakiae	facultative anaerobe
ardenticatena_maritima	facultative aerobe
proteinivorax_tanatarense	anaerobe
jeongeupia_chitinilytica	facultative anaerobe
melioribacter_roseus	facultative anaerobe
motilibacter_rhizosphaerae	aerobe
kallotenue_papyrolyticum	aerobe
borrelia_sinica	microaerophile
borrelia_bavariensis	microaerophile
borrelia_yangtzensis	microaerophile
borrelia_kurtenbachii	microaerophile
methanocalculus_natronophilus	anaerobe
chthoniobacter_flavus	aerobe
thermosipho_activus	anaerobe
mesotoga_infera	anaerobe
hydrogenispora_ethanolica	anaerobe
anaeroflexus_maritimus	anaerobe
butyribacterium_methylotrophicum	anaerobe
geodermatophilus_poikilotrophus	aerobe
roseomonas_riguiloci	aerobe
acidithiobacillus_ferridurans	facultative anaerobe
terriglobus_aquaticus	aerobe
actinotignum_sanguinis	anaerobe
achromobacter_animicus	aerobe
achromobacter_mucicolens	aerobe
achromobacter_pulmonis	aerobe
achromobacter_marplatensis	aerobe
basilea_psittacipulmonis	microaerophile
microbulbifer_maritimus	aerobe
bacillus_oryziterrae	microaerophile
bacillus_thermoamylovorans	aerobe
bacillus_altitudinis	aerobe
halobacillus_andaensis	obligate aerobe
virgibacillus_natechei	aerobe
jeotgalibacillus_terrae	aerobe
melghiribacillus_thermohalophilus	aerobe
bifidobacterium_lemurum	anaerobe
pseudoscardovia_radai	anaerobe
brevibacterium_jeotgali	aerobe
trinickia_symbiotica	aerobe
paraburkholderia_diazotrophica	aerobe
pseudactinotalea_suaedae	aerobe
clostridium_boliviensis	anaerobe
clostridium_sulfatireducens	anaerobe
clostridium_algifaecis	anaerobe
clostridium_swellfunianum	anaerobe
clostridium_oryzae	anaerobe
alkaliphilus_transvaalensis	anaerobe
caldisalinibacter_kiritimatiensis	anaerobe
comamonas_jiangduensis	aerobe
collinsella_massiliensis	anaerobe
dyadobacter_jejuensis	aerobe
desulfonatronobacter_acidivorans	anaerobe
desulfatiglans_parachlorophenolica	anaerobe
desulfobulbus_alkaliphilus	anaerobe
desulfoprunum_benzoelyticum	anaerobe
desulfonatronum_zhilinae	anaerobe
desulfovibrio_biadhensis	anaerobe
desulfuromonas_carbonis	anaerobe
thiogranum_longum	microaerophile
klebsiella_quasipneumoniae	aerobe
tatumella_saanichensis	aerobe
rouxiella_chamberiensis	aerobe
melissococcus_plutonius	anaerobe
faecalicoccus_acidiformans	obligate anaerobe
aminicella_lysinilytica	anaerobe
chryseobacterium_oleae	aerobe
geoalkalibacter_subterraneus	anaerobe
sporohalobacter_salinus	anaerobe
anaerostipes_rhamnosivorans	obligate anaerobe
murimonas_intestini	anaerobe
lactobacillus_apis	anaerobe
lactobacillus_apinorum	anaerobe
lactobacillus_mellifer	anaerobe
lactobacillus_mellis	anaerobe
lactobacillus_melliventris	anaerobe
lactobacillus_kimbladii	anaerobe
lactobacillus_helsingborgensis	anaerobe
lactobacillus_kullabergensis	anaerobe
lactobacillus_gorillae	microaerophile
lactobacillus_mixtipabuli	microaerophile
weissella_uvarum	microaerophile
methanocaldococcus_bathoardescens	anaerobe
methylopila_oligotropha	aerobe
pseudarthrobacter_niigatensis	aerobe
paeniglutamicibacter_antarcticus	aerobe
actinoplanes_siamensis	aerobe
acinetobacter_boissieri	aerobe
acinetobacter_nectaris	aerobe
acinetobacter_harbinensis	aerobe
acinetobacter_gandensis	aerobe
acinetobacter_bohemicus	aerobe
enhydrobacter_aerosaccus	aerobe
psychrobacter_sanguinis	aerobe
paraperlucidibaca_wandonensis	aerobe
faucicola_mancuniensis	aerobe
mycobacterium_paraense	microaerophile
cetia_pacifica	anaerobe
uruburuella_testudinis	aerobe
nocardia_vulneris	microaerophile
streptomonospora_algeriensis	aerobe
reinekea_blandensis	aerobe
reinekea_aestuarii	facultative anaerobe
glaciimonas_singularis	aerobe
frederiksenia_canicola	aerobe
vespertiliibacter_pulmonis	microaerophile
mesocricetibacter_intestinalis	microaerophile
cricetibacter_osteomyelitidis	microaerophile
desulfosporosinus_acididurans	anaerobe
desulfohalotomaculum_tongense	anaerobe
mesorhizobium_robiniae	aerobe
mesorhizobium_silamurunense	aerobe
mesorhizobium_muleiense	aerobe
mesorhizobium_qingshengii	aerobe
mesorhizobium_sangaii	aerobe
dysgonomonas_macrotermitis	anaerobe
microbacter_margulisiae	anaerobe
acidipropionibacterium_olivae	anaerobe
acidipropionibacterium_damnosum	microaerophile
pseudomonas_guangdongensis	facultative anaerobe
pseudomonas_yamanorum	aerobe
jannaschia_faecimaris	aerobe
yoonia_rosea	aerobe
yoonia_litorea	aerobe
limimaricola_cinnabarinus	aerobe
pseudooceanicola_marinus	facultative anaerobe
pseudooceanicola_nitratireducens	aerobe
oceanicola_litoreus	aerobe
roseivivax_lentus	aerobe
roseovarius_aestuarii	aerobe
roseovarius_pacificus	aerobe
roseovarius_halotolerans	aerobe
roseovarius_nanhaiticus	aerobe
aliiroseovarius_sediminilitoris	aerobe
thioclava_dalianensis	aerobe
pseudoruegeria_haliotis	aerobe
maritimibacter_alkaliphilus	aerobe
tropicimonas_sediminicola	aerobe
marivita_hallyeonensis	aerobe
marivita_geojedonensis	aerobe
litoreibacter_meonggei	aerobe
litoreibacter_halocynthiae	aerobe
thauera_humireducens	facultative anaerobe
alistipes_senegalensis	anaerobe
mucinivorans_hirudinis	anaerobe
sphingobium_fontiphilum	aerobe
sphingobium_sufflavum	aerobe
sphingomonas_canadensis	aerobe
spirochaeta_psychrophila	anaerobe
pleomorphochaeta_multiformis	anaerobe
salinispira_pacifica	anaerobe
staphylococcus_argenteus	aerobe
staphylococcus_schweitzeri	aerobe
streptococcus_loxodontisalivarius	microaerophile
streptococcus_saliviloxodontae	microaerophile
streptococcus_oriloxodontae	microaerophile
streptococcus_parasuis	microaerophile
streptomyces_baliensis	aerobe
streptomyces_halophytocola	aerobe
pyrobaculum_ferrireducens	anaerobe
megasphaera_indica	anaerobe
propionispira_arcuata	anaerobe
sporomusa_intestinalis	anaerobe
photobacterium_jeanii	facultative anaerobe
vibrio_cyclitrophicus	aerobe
vibrio_hangzhouensis	aerobe
luteimonas_vadosa	aerobe
aetherobacter_rufus	aerobe
alkanibacter_difficilis	aerobe
anaerobacterium_chartisolvens	anaerobe
aminobacterium_thunnarium	anaerobe
caldicellulosiruptor_changbaiensis	anaerobe
fusibacter_bizertensis	anaerobe
anoxybacter_fermentans	anaerobe
ezakiella_peruensis	anaerobe
sulfurovum_aggregans	microaerophile
iodobacter_arcticus	aerobe
vogesella_alkaliphila	aerobe
olsenella_scatoligenes	anaerobe
symbiobacterium_ostreiconchae	anaerobe
symbiobacterium_turbinis	anaerobe
symbiobacterium_terraclitae	anaerobe
anaerococcus_provencensis	anaerobe
peptoniphilus_stercorisuis	anaerobe
chitinivibrio_alkaliphilus	anaerobe
arenicella_chitinivorans	aerobe
dyella_kyungheensis	aerobe
rhodanobacter_caeni	aerobe
clostridium_tepidum	anaerobe
anseongella_ginsenosidimutans	obligate aerobe
promicromonospora_kermanensis	aerobe
bacteroides_timonensis	anaerobe
bacteroides_neonati	anaerobe
erysipelothrix_larvae	anaerobe
corynebacterium_glucuronolyticum	microaerophile
pseudoalteromonas_elyakovii	aerobe
vibrio_cholerae	aerobe
enterobacter_hormaechei	aerobe
contubernalis_alkaliaceticus	anaerobe
opitutus_paludus	anaerobe
campylobacter_lanienae	microaerophile
formosa_algae	facultative aerobe
rhodovarius_lipocyclicus	aerobe
clostridium_thermoislandicum	anaerobe
clostridium_hveragerdense	anaerobe
thermoanaerobacterium_islandicum	anaerobe
jannaschia_donghaensis	aerobe
saccharospirillum_salsuginis	aerobe
anaerobacillus_alkalilacustris	anaerobe
rhodocytophaga_aerolata	aerobe
hydrotalea_flava	aerobe
bacteroides_stercorirosoris	anaerobe
sphingomonas_endophytica	aerobe
thiofractor_thiocaminus	anaerobe
microvirga_lotononidis	aerobe
microvirga_zambiensis	aerobe
natronoarchaeum_philippinense	aerobe
fulvitalea_axinellae	aerobe
undibacterium_terreum	aerobe
extensimonas_vulgaris	aerobe
sagittula_marina	aerobe
vogesella_fluminis	aerobe
fabibacter_pacificus	aerobe
ancylobacter_defluvii	aerobe
bisgaardia_miroungae	microaerophile
helicobacter_himalayensis	microaerophile
desulfoplanes_formicivorans	anaerobe
caloranaerobacter_ferrireducens	anaerobe
kosmotoga_pacifica	anaerobe
methanoculleus_sediminis	anaerobe
lactococcus_hircilactis	microaerophile
lactococcus_laudensis	microaerophile
streptobacillus_felis	microaerophile
bifidobacterium_commune	anaerobe
convivina_intestini	microaerophile
weissella_bombi	microaerophile
edwardsiella_anguillarum	aerobe
acetoanaerobium_pronyense	anaerobe
aquipuribacter_nitratireducens	aerobe
gemmatimonas_phototrophica	microaerophile
herbinix_hemicellulosilytica	anaerobe
leuconostoc_rapi	microaerophile
limnochorda_pilosa	anaerobe
clostridium_ihumii	anaerobe
desulfonatronobacter_acetoxydans	anaerobe
clostridium_amazonense	anaerobe
crassaminicella_profunda	anaerobe
aetherobacter_fasciculatus	aerobe
sulfurifustis_variabilis	microaerophile
anaerobium_acetethylicum	anaerobe
methanocalculus_alkaliphilus	anaerobe
methanosalsum_natronophilum	anaerobe
fusibacter_fontis	anaerobe
peptoanaerobacter_stomatis	anaerobe
clostridium_polynesiense	anaerobe
clostridium_saudiense	anaerobe
clostridium_jeddahense	anaerobe
croceifilum_oryzae	aerobe
acutalibacter_muris	anaerobe
turicimonas_muris	anaerobe
flintibacter_butyricus	anaerobe
bacteroides_caecimuris	anaerobe
frisingicoccus_caecimuris	anaerobe
extibacter_muris	anaerobe
longicatena_caecimuris	anaerobe
cuneatibacter_caecimuris	microaerophile
longibaculum_muris	anaerobe
muricomes_intestini	anaerobe
blautia_caecimuris	anaerobe
adlercreutzia_muris	anaerobe
muribaculum_intestinale	anaerobe
rouxiella_badensis	facultative anaerobe
clostridium_luticellarii	anaerobe
clostridium_punense	anaerobe
variovorax_gossypii	aerobe
hoeflea_siderophila	obligate anaerobe
tsukamurella_hongkongensis	aerobe
tsukamurella_sinensis	aerobe
frankia_alni	aerobe
frankia_casuarinae	aerobe
frankia_elaeagni	aerobe
methanosaeta_harundinacea	anaerobe
mycobacterium_houstonense	aerobe
nocardiopsis_alkaliphila	aerobe
streptomyces_kronopolitis	aerobe
actinocrinis_puniceicyclus	aerobe
verrucosispora_sonchi	aerobe
micromonospora_terminaliae	aerobe
paludifilum_halophilum	aerobe
loktanella_agnita	aerobe
porphyromonas_circumdentaria	anaerobe
stenotrophomonas_indicatrix	obligate aerobe
venenivibrio_stagnispumantis	microaerophile
lewinella_marina	aerobe
lewinella_lutea	aerobe
actinoallomurus_caesius	aerobe
leucobacter_salsicius	aerobe
acinetobacter_nosocomialis	aerobe
angustibacter_peucedani	aerobe
enterococcus_ureilyticus	facultative anaerobe
comamonas_guangdongensis	facultative anaerobe
iodobacter_limnosediminis	aerobe
gilliamella_apicola	microaerophile
methylomonas_paludis	aerobe
edwardsiella_piscicida	aerobe
rhizobium_calliandrae	aerobe
rhizobium_mayense	aerobe
bacillus_oceani	obligate aerobe
frischella_perrara	anaerobe
parapedobacter_pyrenivorans	aerobe
streptomyces_yaanensis	aerobe
lutimonas_saemankumensis	aerobe
pseudomonas_aestusnigri	aerobe
parabacteroides_faecis	anaerobe
staphylococcus_argensis	aerobe
ursidibacter_maritimus	microaerophile
ursidibacter_arcticus	microaerophile
salininema_proteolyticum	aerobe
hydromonas_duriensis	aerobe
streptomyces_alfalfae	aerobe
microlunatus_endophyticus	aerobe
nocardiopsis_ansamitocini	aerobe
bifidobacterium_myosotis	anaerobe
bifidobacterium_hapali	aerobe
bifidobacterium_tissieri	anaerobe
edaphobacter_dinghuensis	aerobe
occallatibacter_riparius	obligate aerobe
occallatibacter_savannae	obligate aerobe
acidipila_dinghuensis	aerobe
filobacterium_rodentium	microaerophile
lactobacillus_wasatchensis	facultative anaerobe
acidithiobacillus_ferriphilus	facultative anaerobe
thermanaeromonas_burensis	anaerobe
vibrio_galatheae	facultative anaerobe
comamonas_phosphati	facultative anaerobe
lactobacillus_insicii	facultative aerobe
paenibacillus_terreus	aerobe
bacillus_gobiensis	aerobe
bradyrhizobium_vignae	aerobe
serratia_aquatilis	facultative anaerobe
haematospirillum_jordaniae	microaerophile
enterovibrio_pacificus	facultative anaerobe
intrasporangium_flavum	aerobe
parviterribacter_kavangonensis	obligate aerobe
parviterribacter_multiflagellatus	obligate aerobe
cnuibacter_physcomitrellae	obligate aerobe
micromonospora_ovatispora	aerobe
nonomuraea_gerenzanensis	aerobe
tessaracoccus_rhinocerotis	facultative anaerobe
actinorectispora_indica	aerobe
streptosporangium_algeriense	aerobe
bacillus_cucumis	facultative anaerobe
brevibacillus_sediminis	aerobe
paenibacillus_cavernae	obligate aerobe
bacillus_ectoiniformans	facultative anaerobe
haloimpatiens_lingqiaonensis	anaerobe
brevibacillus_gelatini	facultative anaerobe
clostridium_liquoris	obligate anaerobe
domibacillus_iocasae	obligate aerobe
paenibacillus_marchantiophytorum	aerobe
sellimonas_intestinalis	anaerobe
agathobacter_ruminis	obligate anaerobe
lachnotalea_glycerini	obligate anaerobe
paenibacillus_etheri	facultative anaerobe
kroppenstedtia_sanguinis	aerobe
kroppenstedtia_pulmonis	aerobe
testudinibacter_aquarius	microaerophile
shimia_abyssi	obligate aerobe
enterobacter_bugandensis	facultative anaerobe
pontibacter_ummariensis	aerobe
inmirania_thermothiophila	facultative anaerobe
deferrisoma_palaeochoriense	obligate anaerobe
athalassotoga_saccharophila	anaerobe
paludisphaera_borealis	aerobe
chryseobacterium_frigidum	aerobe
mongoliibacter_ruber	obligate aerobe
thermogladius_calderae	obligate anaerobe
methanosarcina_flavescens	obligate anaerobe
phycicoccus_endophyticus	aerobe
stackebrandtia_cavernae	obligate aerobe
streptomyces_yangpuensis	aerobe
pseudoclavibacter_endophyticus	aerobe
mariniluteicoccus_endophyticus	obligate anaerobe
pseudomonas_helleri	aerobe
pseudomonas_weihenstephanensis	aerobe
promicromonospora_alba	aerobe
streptosporangium_saharense	aerobe
streptomyces_arcticus	aerobe
virgibacillus_flavescens	aerobe
streptomyces_polygonati	aerobe
nesterenkonia_aurantiaca	aerobe
sedimentibacter_acidaminivorans	obligate anaerobe
oceanobacillus_halophilus	obligate aerobe
mobilisporobacter_senegalensis	obligate anaerobe
paenibacillus_bovis	aerobe
dethiosulfatarculus_sandiegensis	obligate anaerobe
bifidobacterium_eulemuris	microaerophile
nakamurella_endophytica	aerobe
lampropedia_cohaerens	aerobe
desulfurella_amilsii	obligate anaerobe
izhakiella_capsodis	facultative anaerobe
petrimonas_mucosa	facultative anaerobe
hamadaea_flava	aerobe
abyssivirga_alkaniphila	obligate anaerobe
leucobacter_holotrichiae	aerobe
tessaracoccus_flavus	facultative anaerobe
nocardia_camponoti	aerobe
nocardioides_zeicaulis	obligate aerobe
dermabacter_vaginalis	facultative anaerobe
arthrobacter_echini	aerobe
lysobacter_tolerans	aerobe
dinghuibacter_silviterrae	aerobe
caldimicrobium_thiodismutans	anaerobe
microlunatus_aerolatus	aerobe
saccharopolyspora_subtropica	aerobe
marmoricola_ginsengisoli	aerobe
marmoricola_pocheonensis	aerobe
nocardioides_ginkgobilobae	aerobe
longimicrobium_terrae	aerobe
arthrobacter_deserti	aerobe
phytoactinopolyspora_alkaliphila	aerobe
sulfuriferula_thiophila	aerobe
brucella_vulpis	aerobe
magnetospirillum_caucaseum	microaerophile
magnetospirillum_marisnigri	microaerophile
magnetospirillum_moscoviense	microaerophile
actinocorallia_lasiicapitis	aerobe
nonomuraea_zeae	aerobe
agromyces_binzhouensis	aerobe
kribbella_pittospori	aerobe
streptomyces_indoligenes	aerobe
bacillus_urumqiensis	obligate aerobe
fictibacillus_halophilus	aerobe
chania_multitudinisentens	aerobe
racemicystis_crocea	aerobe
corynebacterium_faecale	facultative anaerobe
streptosporangium_becharense	aerobe
salilacibacter_albus	aerobe
dermabacter_jinjuensis	anaerobe
plantactinospora_soyae	aerobe
actinophytocola_algeriensis	aerobe
dissulfurirhabdus_thermomarina	anaerobe
paenibacillus_cucumis	aerobe
bacillus_loiseleuriae	aerobe
filimonas_zeae	aerobe
caenibacillus_caldisaponilyticus	aerobe
sulfurovum_riftiae	anaerobe
isoptericola_cucumis	obligate aerobe
pyrococcus_kukulkanii	obligate anaerobe
lawsonella_clevelandensis	anaerobe
friedmanniella_endophytica	aerobe
rothia_aerolata	aerobe
vicinamibacter_silvestris	aerobe
anaerotaenia_torta	obligate anaerobe
anaerocolumna_cellulosilytica	obligate anaerobe
natronolimnobius_aegyptiacus	obligate aerobe
ammoniphilus_resinae	facultative anaerobe
ruthenibacterium_lactatiformans	obligate anaerobe
paenibacillus_cisolokensis	aerobe
varibaculum_anthropi	anaerobe
oblitimonas_alkaliphila	microaerophile
vibrio_algivorus	facultative anaerobe
pseudobacter_ginsenosidimutans	obligate aerobe
tsukamurella_serpentis	aerobe
cutibacterium_namnetense	anaerobe
micromonospora_ureilytica	aerobe
micromonospora_noduli	aerobe
micromonospora_vinacea	aerobe
corynebacterium_pollutisoli	aerobe
pyrodictium_delaneyi	obligate anaerobe
microlunatus_nigridraconis	aerobe
bacillus_oryzisoli	aerobe
jeotgalicoccus_schoeneichii	aerobe
agathobaculum_butyriciproducens	obligate anaerobe
paenibacillus_segetis	facultative anaerobe
brevitalea_aridisoli	obligate aerobe
brevitalea_deliciosa	obligate aerobe
arenimicrobium_luteum	obligate aerobe
sulfuriflexus_mobilis	anaerobe
neisseria_musculi	microaerophile
undibacterium_danionis	aerobe
sphingomonas_zeicaulis	aerobe
thiomicrorhabdus_hydrogeniphila	obligate aerobe
streptomyces_camponoticapitis	aerobe
herbihabitans_rhizosphaerae	aerobe
yimella_radicis	aerobe
nocardioides_baekrokdamisoli	aerobe
dyadobacter_endophyticus	aerobe
panacibacter_ginsenosidivorans	aerobe
anaerosporomusa_subterranea	anaerobe
paenibacillus_silagei	facultative anaerobe
pseudodesulfovibrio_indicus	anaerobe
tepidibacillus_decaturensis	microaerophile
harryflintia_acetispora	anaerobe
herbinix_luporum	anaerobe
thermodesulfatator_autotrophicus	obligate anaerobe
lysobacter_firmicutimachus	aerobe
pseudomonas_oceani	aerobe
sphingomonas_prati	aerobe
hoyosella_rhizosphaerae	aerobe
microbacterium_faecale	aerobe
brachybacterium_aquaticum	aerobe
nocardia_jiangsuensis	aerobe
williamsia_herbipolensis	aerobe
microbacterium_diaminobutyricum	aerobe
methanomicrobium_antiquum	obligate anaerobe
micromonospora_profundi	aerobe
actinocrispum_wychmicini	aerobe
saccharothrix_isguenensis	aerobe
streptomyces_ovatisporus	aerobe
desulfotomaculum_aquiferis	anaerobe
desulfotomaculum_profundi	anaerobe
wukongibacter_baidiensis	anaerobe
acetivibrio_saccincola	anaerobe
serpentinicella_alkaliphila	obligate anaerobe
falcatimonas_natans	anaerobe
allofrancisella_inopinata	aerobe
arthrobacter_rhombi	aerobe
streptomyces_jeddahensis	aerobe
facklamia_miroungae	microaerophile
jannaschia_seosinensis	aerobe
porphyromonas_cangingivalis	anaerobe
porphyromonas_crevioricanis	anaerobe
arcicella_rosea	aerobe
chryseobacterium_flavum	aerobe
kushneria_indalinina	aerobe
salinicola_halophilus	aerobe
methanoculleus_hydrogenitrophicus	anaerobe
veillonella_tobetsuensis	anaerobe
massilia_yuzhufengensis	aerobe
enterococcus_eurekensis	microaerophile
enterococcus_lemanii	microaerophile
snodgrassella_alvi	microaerophile
rhizobium_tarimense	aerobe
acinetobacter_puyangensis	aerobe
burkholderia_pseudomultivorans	aerobe
rhizobium_endolithicum	aerobe
streptococcus_moroccensis	microaerophile
legionella_norrlandica	microaerophile
akkermansia_glycaniphila	anaerobe
rhabdobacter_roseus	aerobe
fluviicoccus_keumensis	aerobe
streptomyces_spongiicola	aerobe
ahrensia_marina	obligate aerobe
mucilaginibacter_yixingensis	aerobe
pontibacter_mucosus	aerobe
spirosoma_aerophilum	aerobe
proteus_cibarius	facultative anaerobe
shewanella_algicola	aerobe
marinicella_pacifica	aerobe
rhizobium_azooxidifex	facultative anaerobe
lutibacter_profundi	microaerophile
streptomyces_canalis	aerobe
flavobacterium_aquicola	facultative anaerobe
marinirhabdus_gelatinilytica	aerobe
chenggangzhangella_methanolivorans	aerobe
larsenimonas_suaedae	obligate aerobe
agarivorans_aestuarii	aerobe
allohahella_marinimesophila	aerobe
wenyingzhuangia_fucanilytica	obligate aerobe
oceanihabitans_sediminis	aerobe
parvularcula_flava	obligate aerobe
pseudoalteromonas_gelatinilytica	aerobe
ancylomarina_subtilis	facultative anaerobe
lacinutrix_iliipiscaria	aerobe
pontibacter_virosus	aerobe
pedobacter_psychrotolerans	aerobe
balneicella_halophila	anaerobe
paenibacillus_solani	aerobe
scopulibacillus_daqui	facultative anaerobe
bacillus_wiedmannii	facultative anaerobe
croceicoccus_pelagius	aerobe
croceicoccus_mobilis	aerobe
nocardiopsis_rhizosphaerae	aerobe
raineyella_antarctica	facultative anaerobe
microbacterium_sorbitolivorans	facultative anaerobe
rufibacter_quisquiliarum	aerobe
peptococcus_simiae	obligate anaerobe
lentibacillus_populi	aerobe
marinitoga_arctica	anaerobe
deinococcus_saudiensis	obligate aerobe
acidobacterium_ailaaui	aerobe
deinococcus_budaensis	aerobe
luteimonas_padinae	obligate aerobe
kocuria_oceani	aerobe
bacillus_maritimus	aerobe
citrobacter_europaeus	facultative anaerobe
halodesulfovibrio_spirochaetisodalis	obligate anaerobe
rhodococcus_sovatensis	aerobe
micromonospora_parathelypteridis	aerobe
arthrobacter_ginkgonis	aerobe
bacillus_capparidis	aerobe
thermodesulfitimonas_autotrophica	anaerobe
lactobacillus_colini	facultative anaerobe
kineothrix_alysoides	obligate anaerobe
cohnella_lubricantis	aerobe
desulfobulbus_oligotrophicus	obligate anaerobe
rugosibacter_aromaticivorans	aerobe
polynucleobacter_wuianus	aerobe
desulfonatronospira_sulfatiphila	obligate anaerobe
desulfitispora_elongata	obligate anaerobe
racemicystis_persica	aerobe
novosphingobium_guangzhouense	aerobe
nocardioides_cavernae	aerobe
pseudactinotalea_terrae	aerobe
oharaeibacter_diazotrophicus	aerobe
caenimicrobium_hargitense	aerobe
solibacillus_kalamii	obligate aerobe
paenibacillus_rhizoplanae	aerobe
paenibacillus_silvae	facultative anaerobe
planococcus_versutus	aerobe
paenibacillus_eucommiae	aerobe
immundisolibacter_cernigliae	aerobe
paenibacillus_aceris	facultative anaerobe
sphingobacterium_cellulitidis	aerobe
sanguibacter_gelidistatuariae	facultative anaerobe
nocardia_xestospongiae	aerobe
humibacter_aquilariae	aerobe
subtercola_lobariae	aerobe
streptomyces_lasiicapitis	aerobe
actinotalea_caeni	aerobe
glutamicibacter_halophytocola	aerobe
actinophytocola_xanthii	aerobe
nonomuraea_ceibae	aerobe
haloactinomyces_albus	aerobe
williamsia_spongiae	aerobe
frankia_coriariae	aerobe
pedobacter_jamesrossensis	aerobe
nonlabens_aestuariivivens	aerobe
flectobacillus_pallidus	aerobe
niveitalea_solisilvae	obligate aerobe
hymenobacter_aquaticus	aerobe
algoriphagus_resistens	facultative anaerobe
rhodohalobacter_halophilus	facultative anaerobe
pedobacter_lusitanus	aerobe
flavobacterium_arcticum	aerobe
sphingobacterium_thermophilum	aerobe
nocardiopsis_sediminis	aerobe
nocardioides_intraradicalis	aerobe
amycolatopsis_albispora	aerobe
streptomyces_phyllanthi	aerobe
gordonia_hongkongensis	aerobe
streptomyces_palmae	aerobe
clavibacter_capsici	aerobe
demequina_litorisediminis	anaerobe
streptomyces_pini	aerobe
porphyromonas_loveana	obligate anaerobe
hymenobacter_glacieicola	aerobe
arvibacter_aurantiibacter	aerobe
mucilaginibacter_pedocola	obligate aerobe
chryseobacterium_montanum	obligate aerobe
pseudoflavitalea_rhizosphaerae	aerobe
flavitalea_soli	aerobe
pontibacter_litorisediminis	anaerobe
maribacter_litorisediminis	aerobe
flavobacterium_terriphilum	aerobe
enterococcus_saigonensis	microaerophile
streptococcus_dentiloxodontae	facultative anaerobe
pontibacillus_salipaludis	facultative anaerobe
butyricimonas_faecihominis	anaerobe
agathobaculum_desmolans	obligate anaerobe
streptococcus_halotolerans	facultative anaerobe
oceanobacillus_longus	obligate aerobe
sulfitobacter_faviae	aerobe
roseomonas_rubra	aerobe
halomonas_sediminicola	aerobe
chromobacterium_rhizoryzae	facultative anaerobe
acinetobacter_pragensis	aerobe
devosia_confluentis	anaerobe
aurantimonas_endophytica	aerobe
martelella_suaedae	aerobe
altererythrobacter_confluentis	aerobe
roseomonas_arcticisoli	aerobe
thalassotalea_montiporae	aerobe
massilia_psychrophila	aerobe
spongiibacter_taiwanensis	aerobe
acinetobacter_lactucae	aerobe
rhizobium_altiplani	aerobe
paraburkholderia_caffeinilytica	facultative anaerobe
spiribacter_roseus	aerobe
chitinibacter_fontanus	aerobe
rhizobium_gei	aerobe
microbacterium_aureliae	aerobe
actinoplanes_subglobosus	aerobe
lacinutrix_cladophorae	obligate aerobe
flavihumibacter_sediminis	aerobe
arvibacter_flaviflagrans	aerobe
pontibacter_rugosus	aerobe
rufibacter_ruber	aerobe
sphingobacterium_jejuense	obligate aerobe
sediminibacterium_aquarii	obligate aerobe
mucilaginibacter_puniceus	aerobe
mucilaginibacter_fluminis	aerobe
marinifilum_albidiflavum	facultative anaerobe
polaribacter_marinaquae	obligate aerobe
flavihumibacter_stibioxidans	obligate aerobe
hymenobacter_nivis	aerobe
maribacter_arenosus	aerobe
streptococcus_marmotae	facultative anaerobe
sporolactobacillus_pectinivorans	facultative anaerobe
alteribacillus_alkaliphilus	obligate aerobe
saccharibacillus_qingshengii	aerobe
polygonibacillus_indicireducens	facultative anaerobe
pullulanibacillus_camelliae	aerobe
rickettsia_asembonensis	obligate aerobe
silicimonas_algicola	aerobe
pseudoduganella_danionis	aerobe
dyella_humi	aerobe
pseudoalteromonas_profundi	aerobe
rhizobium_favelukesii	aerobe
chelatococcus_reniformis	aerobe
paraburkholderia_pallidirosea	aerobe
piscinibacter_defluvii	aerobe
mesorhizobium_sediminum	aerobe
marinibaculum_pumilum	facultative anaerobe
litorisediminivivens_gilvus	aerobe
halomonas_lutescens	facultative anaerobe
novosphingobium_lotistagni	aerobe
lysobacter_rhizophilus	aerobe
altererythrobacter_aerius	aerobe
wenzhouxiangella_sediminis	facultative anaerobe
sphingomonas_naphthae	aerobe
pseudomonas_turukhanskensis	aerobe
streptomyces_lacrimifluminis	aerobe
nonomuraea_purpurea	aerobe
nocardiopsis_akesuensis	aerobe
patulibacter_brassicae	aerobe
saccharomonospora_xiaoerkulensis	aerobe
frigoribacterium_salinisoli	aerobe
nocardioides_flavus	aerobe
phycicoccus_ginsengisoli	aerobe
glycomyces_lacisalsi	aerobe
pelobium_manganitolerans	facultative anaerobe
sphingobacterium_chuzhouense	aerobe
pedobacter_vanadiisoli	aerobe
mucilaginibacter_antarcticus	facultative anaerobe
emticicia_fontis	aerobe
niastella_hibisci	aerobe
lunatimonas_salinarum	aerobe
pedobacter_lycopersici	aerobe
carboxylicivirga_flava	aerobe
algoriphagus_litorisediminis	aerobe
pontibacter_aydingkolensis	aerobe
spirosoma_soli	aerobe
polaribacter_haliotis	aerobe
roseivirga_ehrenbergii	aerobe
paenibacillus_oryzae	facultative anaerobe
jeotgalibacillus_alkaliphilus	aerobe
lactobacillus_ixorae	facultative anaerobe
fervidobacterium_thailandense	obligate anaerobe
deinococcus_persicinus	aerobe
sphingoaurantiacus_capsulatus	obligate aerobe
mesorhizobium_japonicum	aerobe
thalassospira_indica	facultative anaerobe
shewanella_inventionis	aerobe
bacterioplanoides_pacificum	obligate aerobe
iodidimonas_muriae	aerobe
thalassotalea_euphylliae	aerobe
novosphingobium_bradum	aerobe
psychrobacter_pocilloporae	aerobe
paracoccus_contaminans	aerobe
uliginosibacterium_paludis	aerobe
pseudohongiella_nitratireducens	aerobe
labrenzia_salina	obligate aerobe
coetzeea_brasiliensis	facultative anaerobe
chromobacterium_alkanivorans	facultative anaerobe
piscinibacterium_candidicorallinum	aerobe
ensifer_alkalisoli	aerobe
sphingomonas_piscinae	aerobe
idiomarina_tyrosinivorans	obligate aerobe
altererythrobacter_sediminis	aerobe
arsenicitalea_aurantiaca	aerobe
sphingomonas_lutea	aerobe
tropicimonas_arenosa	aerobe
tersicoccus_solisilvae	aerobe
streptomyces_krungchingensis	aerobe
streptomyces_fuscichromogenes	aerobe
haloprofundus_marisrubri	aerobe
flavobacterium_eburneum	aerobe
flavobacterium_inkyongense	aerobe
flavobacterium_orientale	obligate aerobe
lysinibacillus_alkalisoli	aerobe
virgibacillus_jeotgali	aerobe
deinococcus_ruber	aerobe
soortia_roseihalophila	aerobe
nonlabens_halophilus	anaerobe
polaribacter_vadi	obligate aerobe
olivibacter_composti	aerobe
flavobacterium_gilvum	aerobe
formosimonas_limnophila	aerobe
marimonas_arenosa	obligate aerobe
microvirga_soli	aerobe
achromobacter_aloeverae	aerobe
colwellia_mytili	aerobe
roseovarius_aestuariivivens	aerobe
krasilnikoviella_muralis	facultative anaerobe
aeromicrobium_choanae	obligate aerobe
algoriphagus_iocasae	anaerobe
flectobacillus_fontis	aerobe
lacibacter_nakdongensis	aerobe
hyunsoonleella_rubra	aerobe
terrimonas_rhizosphaerae	obligate aerobe
aquimarina_versatilis	aerobe
labilibacter_aurantiacus	facultative anaerobe
streptococcus_himalayensis	facultative anaerobe
vagococcus_humatus	aerobe
fimbriiglobus_ruber	aerobe
pleomorphochaeta_caudata	obligate anaerobe
oryzomicrobium_terrae	facultative anaerobe
marinobacter_salinus	aerobe
aliidongia_dinghuensis	aerobe
alteromonas_lipolytica	aerobe
motilimonas_eburnea	facultative anaerobe
roseovarius_confluentis	obligate aerobe
roseitalea_porphyridii	obligate aerobe
altererythrobacter_soli	obligate aerobe
saccharedens_versatilis	obligate aerobe
marinobacter_halotolerans	aerobe
aureimonas_glaciei	aerobe
streptomyces_luteus	aerobe
saccharopolyspora_aidingensis	aerobe
kribbella_deserti	aerobe
flavobacterium_hibisci	aerobe
chryseobacterium_endophyticum	aerobe
lutibacter_litorisediminis	aerobe
hymenobacter_seoulensis	aerobe
chryseobacterium_nepalense	aerobe
flavobacterium_cloacae	aerobe
arcticibacterium_luteifluviistationis	aerobe
echinicola_strongylocentroti	aerobe
runella_palustris	aerobe
polaribacter_lacunae	aerobe
paenibacillus_qinlingensis	obligate aerobe
clostridium_guangxiense	obligate anaerobe
luteolibacter_flavescens	aerobe
polymorphobacter_glacialis	aerobe
aliidiomarina_soli	obligate aerobe
dyella_acidisoli	aerobe
brevundimonas_balnearis	aerobe
pseudaeromonas_pectinilytica	aerobe
acidicapsa_acidisoli	aerobe
halobaculum_roseum	aerobe
maribacter_aurantiacus	obligate aerobe
niabella_hibiscisoli	aerobe
chryseobacterium_lineare	aerobe
hymenobacter_rutilus	aerobe
terrimonas_crocea	aerobe
flavobacterium_lacunae	aerobe
algoriphagus_aestuariicola	aerobe
euzebyella_marina	aerobe
flavobacterium_crassostreae	aerobe
arachidicoccus_ginsenosidivorans	aerobe
muricauda_lutea	obligate aerobe
brevibacillus_halotolerans	aerobe
corticicoccus_populi	aerobe
desulfuribacillus_stibiiarsenatis	obligate anaerobe
lysobacter_humi	aerobe
ruficoccus_amylovorans	aerobe
acinetobacter_larvae	aerobe
microbaculum_marinum	aerobe
colwellia_marinimaniae	anaerobe
micropepsis_pineolensis	anaerobe
sphingomonas_aquatica	aerobe
devosia_elaeis	aerobe
chthonobacter_albigriseus	aerobe
pseudomonas_canadensis	aerobe
altererythrobacter_salegens	aerobe
halofilum_ochraceum	facultative anaerobe
allorhizobium_oryziradicis	aerobe
planctobacterium_marinum	aerobe
roseomonas_nepalensis	aerobe
microbulbifer_echini	facultative aerobe
hymenobacter_deserti	aerobe
aliiglaciecola_lipolytica	aerobe
rhizobium_alamii	aerobe
thalassomonas_actiniarum	aerobe
thalassomonas_haliotis	aerobe
sinomonas_flava	aerobe
shewanella_vesiculosa	facultative anaerobe
lewinella_antarctica	aerobe
pseudidiomarina_tainanensis	aerobe
pseudidiomarina_marina	aerobe
actinomadura_miaoliensis	aerobe
pedobacter_daechungensis	aerobe
alcanivorax_hongdengensis	aerobe
gemella_asaccharolytica	anaerobe
pelagibius_litoralis	aerobe
pedobacter_composti	aerobe
chelativorans_oligotrophicus	aerobe
psychromonas_agarivorans	facultative anaerobe
mesorhizobium_metallidurans	aerobe
skermanella_xinjiangensis	aerobe
mucilaginibacter_daejeonensis	facultative aerobe
lacibacter_cauensis	aerobe
thermotalea_metallivorans	anaerobe
croceicoccus_marinus	aerobe
marinoscillum_pacificum	aerobe
niabella_ginsengisoli	aerobe
leptobacterium_flavescens	aerobe
maritalea_mobilis	aerobe
parvularcula_lutaonensis	aerobe
microbulbifer_donghaiensis	aerobe
paracoccus_chinensis	aerobe
adhaeribacter_terreus	aerobe
roseomonas_frigidaquae	aerobe
bacillus_korlensis	aerobe
algoriphagus_aquatilis	aerobe
lutaonella_thermophila	aerobe
mucilaginibacter_ximonensis	aerobe
winogradskyella_echinorum	aerobe
devosia_crocina	aerobe
devosia_albogilva	aerobe
shewanella_marina	anaerobe
sphingobium_indicum	aerobe
pseudidiomarina_maritima	aerobe
pseudidiomarina_donghaiensis	aerobe
marinobacterium_nitratireducens	aerobe
marinobacterium_sediminicola	aerobe
kosakonia_oryzae	facultative anaerobe
rhizobium_mesosinicum	aerobe
microbulbifer_variabilis	aerobe
chryseobacterium_taklimakanense	aerobe
leifsonia_kafniensis	aerobe
leifsonia_antarctica	aerobe
winogradskyella_arenosi	aerobe
tenacibaculum_crassostreae	aerobe
psychrobacter_fulvigenes	aerobe
campylobacter_avium	microaerophile
marinobacter_lacisalsi	aerobe
thermus_arciformis	aerobe
muricauda_olearia	aerobe
flavobacterium_tiangeerense	aerobe
meiothermus_cateniformans	aerobe
muricauda_lutaonensis	aerobe
flavobacterium_chungangense	aerobe
microvirga_guangxiensis	aerobe
rhodoplanes_pokkaliisoli	facultative aerobe
chryseobacterium_anthropi	aerobe
winogradskyella_rapida	aerobe
marinimicrobium_locisalis	aerobe
kocuria_gwangalliensis	aerobe
lishizhenia_tianjinensis	aerobe
arenibacter_nanhaiticus	aerobe
marinomonas_pollencensis	aerobe
marinomonas_balearica	aerobe
parasegetibacter_luojiensis	aerobe
cobetia_crustatorum	aerobe
alicyclobacillus_aeris	aerobe
marinobacter_szutsaonensis	aerobe
phaeospirillum_chandramohanii	anaerobe
marinifilum_fragile	facultative anaerobe
marinobacterium_maritimum	aerobe
bacillus_canaveralius	aerobe
flavobacterium_algicola	aerobe
algoriphagus_olei	aerobe
ferruginibacter_alkalilentus	aerobe
ferruginibacter_lapsinanis	aerobe
flectobacillus_roseus	aerobe
methylophilus_rhizosphaerae	aerobe
meridianimaribacter_flavus	aerobe
luteipulveratus_mongoliensis	aerobe
niabella_yanshanensis	aerobe
maritimimonas_rapanae	aerobe
flavobacterium_caeni	aerobe
psychrobacter_piscatorii	aerobe
campylobacter_subantarcticus	microaerophile
mucilaginibacter_rigui	aerobe
brucella_inopinata	aerobe
marinomonas_arenicola	aerobe
pontibacter_xinjiangensis	aerobe
dehalogenimonas_lykanthroporepellens	anaerobe
acidocella_aluminiidurans	aerobe
halomonas_xinjiangensis	aerobe
flavihumibacter_petaseus	aerobe
ensifer_numidicus	aerobe
ensifer_garamanticus	aerobe
niastella_populi	aerobe
aliiglaciecola_litoralis	aerobe
winogradskyella_exilis	facultative anaerobe
wandonia_haliotis	aerobe
algoriphagus_lutimaris	aerobe
prevotella_aurantiaca	anaerobe
vagococcus_penaei	facultative anaerobe
rhizobium_soli	aerobe
thalassospira_xianhensis	facultative anaerobe
phaeochromatium_fluminis	anaerobe
gramella_marina	aerobe
nautilia_nitratireducens	anaerobe
haloterrigena_daqingensis	aerobe
flavobacterium_glycines	facultative anaerobe
erythrobacter_nanhaisediminis	aerobe
mesorhizobium_alhagi	aerobe
indibacter_alkaliphilus	aerobe
flavobacterium_sinopsychrotolerans	aerobe
kistimonas_asteriae	aerobe
endozoicomonas_montiporae	aerobe
cellulosilyticum_ruminicola	anaerobe
herbidospora_daliensis	aerobe
herbidospora_yilanensis	aerobe
halogranum_rubrum	aerobe
paraburkholderia_heleia	aerobe
natronorubrum_sediminis	aerobe
erythrobacter_gangjinensis	aerobe
haladaptatus_litoreus	aerobe
litoricola_marina	aerobe
colwellia_asteriadis	facultative anaerobe
persicobacter_psychrovividus	facultative anaerobe
winogradskyella_pacifica	aerobe
agaricicola_taiwanensis	aerobe
euzebya_tangerina	aerobe
natronoarchaeum_mannanilyticum	aerobe
psychrobacter_aestuarii	aerobe
kangiella_japonica	aerobe
lactobacillus_kimchicus	facultative aerobe
gemmobacter_aquaticus	aerobe
cloacibacterium_rupense	aerobe
streptomyces_osmaniensis	aerobe
stenotrophomonas_daejeonensis	aerobe
cohnella_terrae	facultative anaerobe
pseudidiomarina_aestuarii	aerobe
thermosporothrix_hazakensis	aerobe
paraburkholderia_acidipaludis	aerobe
adhaeribacter_aerolatus	aerobe
segetibacter_aerophilus	aerobe
adhaeribacter_aerophilus	aerobe
sphingobacterium_shayense	aerobe
haloplanus_vescus	aerobe
halopelagius_inordinatus	aerobe
hafnia_paralvei	facultative anaerobe
halogeometricum_limi	aerobe
mucilaginibacter_gossypii	aerobe
mucilaginibacter_gossypiicola	aerobe
aquimarina_macrocephali	aerobe
aequorivita_aestuarii	aerobe
salinimicrobium_marinum	facultative anaerobe
rheinheimera_nanhaiensis	facultative aerobe
mucilaginibacter_lappiensis	aerobe
mucilaginibacter_mallensis	aerobe
mucilaginibacter_frigoritolerans	aerobe
hydrocarboniphaga_daqingensis	aerobe
angustibacter_luteus	facultative anaerobe
halogeometricum_rufum	aerobe
miniimonas_arenae	microaerophile
pontibacter_niistensis	aerobe
terrimonas_aquatica	aerobe
limnobacter_litoralis	aerobe
dongia_mobilis	aerobe
larkinella_bovis	aerobe
euzebyella_saccharophila	aerobe
paracoccus_sphaerophysae	aerobe
marinobacterium_coralli	aerobe
altererythrobacter_namhicola	aerobe
altererythrobacter_aestuarii	aerobe
desertibacter_roseus	aerobe
paenibacillus_rigui	aerobe
gangjinia_marincola	aerobe
litoribacter_ruber	aerobe
haloarcula_tradensis	aerobe
haloarcula_salaria	aerobe
paracoccus_fistulariae	aerobe
pseudonocardia_artemisiae	aerobe
cohaesibacter_marisflavi	facultative anaerobe
vagococcus_acidifermentans	facultative anaerobe
flavobacterium_dongtanense	aerobe
brachybacterium_squillarum	aerobe
flavobacterium_yonginense	aerobe
flavobacterium_myungsuense	aerobe
saccharospirillum_aestuarii	facultative anaerobe
defluviicoccus_vanus	aerobe
allobacillus_halotolerans	aerobe
parasutterella_secunda	anaerobe
streptomyces_zinciresistens	aerobe
streptomyces_tacrolimicus	aerobe
sphingobacterium_kyonggiense	aerobe
tenacibaculum_dicentrarchi	aerobe
altererythrobacter_xinjiangensis	aerobe
fodinibius_salinus	aerobe
halomonas_xianhensis	aerobe
thermococcus_prieurii	anaerobe
chryseobacterium_vietnamense	aerobe
asaia_krungthepensis	aerobe
cellulophaga_pacifica	aerobe
microbulbifer_marinus	aerobe
microbulbifer_yueqingensis	aerobe
agarivorans_albus	aerobe
cellulosibacter_alkalithermophilus	anaerobe
methylorubrum_populi	aerobe
treponema_putidum	anaerobe
pedobacter_boryungensis	aerobe
pseudomonas_meridiana	aerobe
mesorhizobium_septentrionale	aerobe
mesorhizobium_temperatum	aerobe
cesiribacter_roseus	aerobe
salinisphaera_orenii	aerobe
maritalea_porphyrae	aerobe
marinobacter_xestospongiae	aerobe
chungangia_koreensis	aerobe
corallibacter_vietnamensis	aerobe
gaetbulibacter_aestuarii	aerobe
methylobacterium_nodulans	aerobe
kangiella_geojedonensis	aerobe
tropicimonas_aquimaris	aerobe
erythrobacter_pelagi	aerobe
tenacibaculum_geojense	aerobe
mucilaginibacter_angelicae	aerobe
pseudorhodobacter_aquimaris	aerobe
mucilaginibacter_polysacchareus	aerobe
gemmobacter_nanjingensis	anaerobe
lentibacter_algarum	aerobe
flavobacterium_xueshanense	aerobe
flavobacterium_urumqiense	aerobe
aliidiomarina_taiwanensis	aerobe
algoriphagus_jejuensis	aerobe
pontibacter_populi	aerobe
methylobacterium_gossipiicola	aerobe
sphingobacterium_hotanense	aerobe
phaeocystidibacter_luteus	aerobe
nocardia_pigrifrangens	aerobe
neptuniibacter_halophilus	aerobe
colwellia_piezophila	facultative anaerobe
muricauda_flavescens	aerobe
lactobacillus_futsaii	facultative anaerobe
algoriphagus_namhaensis	aerobe
flavobacterium_ummariense	aerobe
amycolatopsis_granulosa	aerobe
amycolatopsis_ruanii	aerobe
amycolatopsis_thermalba	aerobe
pedobacter_arcticus	aerobe
mongoliitalea_lutea	aerobe
postechiella_marina	aerobe
shewanella_frigidimarina	facultative anaerobe
halovenus_aranensis	aerobe
aureitalea_marina	aerobe
mariniflexile_aquimaris	aerobe
blautia_stercoris	anaerobe
knoellia_locipacati	aerobe
salinivenus_iranica	aerobe
salinivenus_lutea	aerobe
halomicrobium_zhouii	aerobe
erwinia_uzenensis	facultative anaerobe
salinirepens_amamiensis	aerobe
halobellus_limi	aerobe
winogradskyella_ulvae	facultative anaerobe
phaeospirillum_tilakii	anaerobe
geofilum_rubicundum	facultative anaerobe
muricauda_beolgyonensis	aerobe
aquimarina_mytili	aerobe
flavobacterium_compostarboris	aerobe
actinomadura_sediminis	aerobe
haloarchaeobius_iranensis	aerobe
mesonia_ostreae	aerobe
cellulophaga_geojensis	aerobe
salinimicrobium_gaetbulicola	aerobe
thermosyntropha_tengcongensis	anaerobe
rhizobium_grahamii	aerobe
flavivirga_amylovorans	aerobe
flavivirga_jejuensis	aerobe
skermanella_stibiiresistens	aerobe
pelosinus_defluvii	anaerobe
mucilaginibacter_soli	facultative anaerobe
winogradskyella_aquimaris	aerobe
bradyrhizobium_daqingense	aerobe
thioalkalivibrio_sulfidiphilus	aerobe
bradyrhizobium_huanghuaihaiense	aerobe
gluconacetobacter_tumulicola	aerobe
gluconacetobacter_asukensis	aerobe
gryllotalpicola_daejeonensis	aerobe
gryllotalpicola_kribbensis	aerobe
gryllotalpicola_koreensis	aerobe
erythrobacter_marinus	aerobe
pseudahrensia_aquimaris	aerobe
dehalococcoides_mccartyi	anaerobe
microvirga_lupini	aerobe
brevundimonas_viscosa	aerobe
pseudidiomarina_aquimaris	aerobe
flavobacterium_rakeshii	aerobe
mongoliicoccus_roseus	aerobe
marinobacter_antarcticus	aerobe
exiguobacterium_aquaticum	facultative anaerobe
rhodovulum_tesquicola	facultative anaerobe
rheinheimera_longhuensis	aerobe
namhaeicola_litoreus	aerobe
terrimonas_rubra	aerobe
rhodococcus_canchipurensis	aerobe
pedobacter_ginsengiterrae	aerobe
chitinophaga_oryziterrae	aerobe
oceanisphaera_arctica	aerobe
marinomonas_hwangdonensis	aerobe
fulvivirga_imtechensis	aerobe
chryseobacterium_viscerum	aerobe
sphingobacterium_detergens	aerobe
oceanicaulis_stylophorae	aerobe
terrimonas_pekingensis	aerobe
cobetia_pacifica	aerobe
cobetia_litoralis	aerobe
cobetia_amphilecti	aerobe
halomonas_beimenensis	aerobe
halopenitus_persicus	aerobe
kangiella_marina	facultative aerobe
kangiella_taiwanensis	facultative aerobe
paenibacillus_oceanisediminis	aerobe
arcicella_rigui	aerobe
luteolibacter_luojiensis	aerobe
halobaculum_magnesiiphilum	aerobe
neptunomonas_concharum	facultative anaerobe
magnetospira_thiophila	microaerophile
aestuariibaculum_suncheonense	aerobe
herbidospora_mongoliensis	aerobe
kerstersia_similis	aerobe
streptococcus_troglodytidis	facultative anaerobe
cryptosporangium_mongoliense	aerobe
erythrobacter_jejuensis	aerobe
mucilaginibacter_herbaticus	aerobe
kistimonas_scapharcae	facultative anaerobe
flavitalea_gansuensis	aerobe
rhodobacter_viridis	anaerobe
phyllobacterium_endophyticum	aerobe
cecembia_lonarensis	aerobe
rhodopseudomonas_pentothenatexigens	anaerobe
rhodopseudomonas_thermotolerans	anaerobe
cyclobacterium_qasimii	aerobe
kaistia_defluvii	aerobe
altererythrobacter_troitsensis	aerobe
sphingobacterium_cladoniae	aerobe
mycetocola_manganoxydans	aerobe
kordiimonas_aquimaris	aerobe
magnetococcus_marinus	microaerophile
kordiimonas_aestuarii	aerobe
haloferula_chungangensis	aerobe
altererythrobacter_gangjinensis	aerobe
paracoccus_rhizosphaerae	aerobe
algoriphagus_chungangensis	aerobe
gordonia_alkaliphila	aerobe
brevibacterium_ammoniilyticum	aerobe
halomonas_ramblicola	aerobe
maribacter_chungangensis	aerobe
hymenobacter_ginsengisoli	aerobe
pseudorhodoferax_aquiterrae	aerobe
pontibacter_saemangeumensis	aerobe
flavobacterium_enshiense	aerobe
chitinophaga_cymbidii	aerobe
pontibacter_lucknowensis	aerobe
chryseobacterium_taihuense	facultative anaerobe
gaetbulibacter_lutimaris	aerobe
flavobacterium_anatoliense	aerobe
algimonas_porphyrae	aerobe
chryseobacterium_rigui	aerobe
duganella_sacchari	aerobe
duganella_radicis	aerobe
arenibacter_hampyeongensis	aerobe
bizionia_hallyeonensis	aerobe
pseudogulbenkiania_gefcensis	aerobe
lacinutrix_himadriensis	aerobe
bacteroides_reticulotermitis	anaerobe
fontibacter_ferrireducens	facultative anaerobe
flavobacterium_tilapiae	aerobe
derxia_lacustris	aerobe
endobacter_medicaginis	aerobe
winogradskyella_damuponensis	aerobe
polaribacter_porphyrae	aerobe
aquimarina_longa	aerobe
profundibacterium_mesophilum	aerobe
huanghella_arctica	aerobe
psychroserpens_damuponensis	aerobe
oscillibacter_ruminantium	anaerobe
dokdonella_kunshanensis	aerobe
lactobacillus_curieae	facultative anaerobe
paracoccus_tibetensis	aerobe
neptunomonas_qingdaonensis	aerobe
dokdonella_immobilis	aerobe
gemmobacter_fontiphilus	facultative anaerobe
pseudorhodobacter_antarcticus	aerobe
angustibacter_aerolatus	aerobe
marinivirga_aestuarii	aerobe
olivibacter_jilunii	aerobe
microbulbifer_pacificus	aerobe
microbulbifer_gwangyangensis	aerobe
brumimicrobium_mesophilum	aerobe
mariniflexile_jejuense	aerobe
pseudorhodobacter_wandonensis	aerobe
lysinimonas_soli	aerobe
microbulbifer_mangrovi	aerobe
streptomyces_ziwulingensis	aerobe
corallomonas_stylophorae	facultative anaerobe
aureivirga_marina	aerobe
brevundimonas_abyssalis	aerobe
luteivirga_sdotyamensis	aerobe
pseudofulvibacter_geojedonensis	aerobe
litorisediminicola_beolgyonensis	aerobe
polycladomyces_abyssicola	aerobe
pseudoalteromonas_arabiensis	aerobe
pontimonas_salivibrio	aerobe
winogradskyella_litorisediminis	aerobe
tepidimonas_fonticaldi	aerobe
sungkyunkwania_multivorans	aerobe
mucilaginibacter_jinjuensis	facultative anaerobe
rheinheimera_tilapiae	aerobe
sunxiuqinia_faeciviva	facultative anaerobe
blastopirellula_cremea	aerobe
falsirhodobacter_halotolerans	aerobe
paracoccus_huijuniae	facultative anaerobe
aquimarina_gracilis	aerobe
hirschia_litorea	aerobe
nafulsella_turpanensis	aerobe
winogradskyella_psychrotolerans	aerobe
gemmobacter_tilapiae	aerobe
stappia_taiwanensis	aerobe
dehalogenimonas_alkenigignens	anaerobe
aureicoccus_marinus	aerobe
flavobacterium_jumunjinense	aerobe
chryseobacterium_ginsengisoli	aerobe
flavobacterium_noncentrifugens	aerobe
lactococcus_taiwanensis	facultative anaerobe
halopelagius_fulvigenes	aerobe
algibacter_aquimarinus	aerobe
cohnella_formosensis	aerobe
reyranella_soli	aerobe
pontibacter_ramchanderi	aerobe
mucilaginibacter_sabulilitoris	aerobe
mangrovimonas_yunxiaonensis	aerobe
alkalispirochaeta_sphaeroplastigenens	anaerobe
rubrivirga_marina	aerobe
rhodomicrobium_udaipurense	facultative anaerobe
flavobacterium_squillarum	aerobe
lentisphaera_marina	aerobe
oceanobacillus_chungangensis	aerobe
roseomonas_aerophila	aerobe
flavobacterium_nitratireducens	aerobe
naasia_aerilata	aerobe
devosia_submarina	aerobe
marinicauda_pacifica	aerobe
luteolibacter_yonseiensis	aerobe
idiomarina_indica	aerobe
azospirillum_humicireducens	facultative anaerobe
bacillus_thermocopriae	facultative anaerobe
sphingobacterium_caeni	aerobe
nocardioides_daeguensis	aerobe
massilia_lurida	aerobe
polaribacter_sejongensis	aerobe
mycetocola_zhadangensis	aerobe
ilumatobacter_nonamiensis	aerobe
ilumatobacter_coccineus	aerobe
leptospira_alstonii	aerobe
leptospira_vanthielii	aerobe
ferrimonas_pelagia	anaerobe
paramoritella_sediminis	facultative anaerobe
asticcacaulis_solisilvae	aerobe
aureimonas_ferruginea	aerobe
aureimonas_rubiginis	aerobe
asinibacterium_lactis	aerobe
muricauda_taeanensis	aerobe
sphingomicrobium_astaxanthinifaciens	aerobe
pseudomonas_guguanensis	aerobe
methylobacterium_trifolii	aerobe
methylobacterium_thuringiense	aerobe
taonella_mepensis	aerobe
salinisphaera_japonica	aerobe
pectinatus_sottacetonis	anaerobe
glycocaulis_abyssi	aerobe
nocardioides_marinquilinus	aerobe
mycetocola_miduiensis	aerobe
amphibacillus_iburiensis	facultative anaerobe
gillisia_marina	aerobe
hyphomicrobium_nitrativorans	aerobe
bacillus_paraflexus	aerobe
noviherbaspirillum_malthae	aerobe
defluviimonas_aestuarii	aerobe
pustulibacterium_marinum	aerobe
chryseobacterium_kwangjuense	aerobe
actinotalea_ferrariae	aerobe
aquamicrobium_aestuarii	aerobe
oceanobacillus_polygoni	facultative anaerobe
flavobacterium_hauense	aerobe
gramella_aestuarii	aerobe
hwangdonia_seohaensis	aerobe
martelella_endophytica	facultative anaerobe
brevifollis_gellanilyticus	aerobe
flavobacterium_yanchengense	aerobe
caulobacter_daechungensis	aerobe
bacillus_thermotolerans	facultative anaerobe
flavobacterium_marinum	aerobe
paenalcaligenes_hermetiae	facultative anaerobe
bacillus_composti	facultative anaerobe
bacillus_thermophilus	facultative anaerobe
bradyrhizobium_diazoefficiens	aerobe
arenitalea_lutea	facultative aerobe
pseudomonas_formosensis	anaerobe
winogradskyella_pulchriflava	aerobe
algibacter_undariae	aerobe
albimonas_pacifica	aerobe
rudaibacter_terrae	aerobe
enterococcus_alcedinis	facultative anaerobe
ferrimonas_gelatinilytica	anaerobe
litoribacter_alkaliphilus	aerobe
mongoliicoccus_alkaliphilus	aerobe
alcanivorax_marinus	aerobe
halomicroarcula_pellucida	aerobe
heliimonas_saccharivorans	aerobe
maribacter_aestuarii	aerobe
anoxybacillus_vitaminiphilus	aerobe
cohaesibacter_haloalkalitolerans	facultative anaerobe
bacillus_salsus	aerobe
mucilaginibacter_gynuensis	aerobe
cyclobacterium_caenipelagi	aerobe
paenibacillus_endophyticus	anaerobe
dyadobacter_tibetensis	aerobe
paenibacillus_taihuensis	facultative anaerobe
marinoscillum_luteum	aerobe
halopenitus_malekzadehii	anaerobe
bacillus_songklensis	aerobe
tenacibaculum_xiamenense	aerobe
cohnella_lupini	facultative anaerobe
halolamina_salina	aerobe
azospirillum_fermentarium	aerobe
kroppenstedtia_guangzhouensis	aerobe
nocardioides_salsibiostraticola	aerobe
pedobacter_ginsenosidimutans	aerobe
gluconacetobacter_aggeris	aerobe
gluconacetobacter_tumulisoli	aerobe
gluconacetobacter_takamatsuzukensis	aerobe
algibacter_agarivorans	aerobe
algibacter_agarilyticus	aerobe
halopelagius_longus	aerobe
endozoicomonas_euniceicola	facultative anaerobe
endozoicomonas_gorgoniicola	facultative anaerobe
taibaiella_smilacinae	aerobe
sphingomonas_kyungheensis	aerobe
halomonas_zincidurans	aerobe
lysobacter_oligotrophicus	aerobe
chryseobacterium_gwangjuense	aerobe
erythrobacter_odishensis	aerobe
pontibacter_odishensis	aerobe
gracilimonas_rosea	aerobe
gemmobacter_lanyuensis	facultative anaerobe
fluviimonas_pallidilutea	aerobe
amnibacterium_soli	aerobe
ornithinimicrobium_tianjinense	aerobe
imperialibacter_roseus	aerobe
kordia_antarctica	facultative anaerobe
sphingomicrobium_marinum	aerobe
sphingomicrobium_flavum	aerobe
rhizobium_freirei	aerobe
halobellus_inordinatus	aerobe
formosa_undariae	aerobe
pontibacter_toksunensis	aerobe
planifilum_composti	aerobe
algimonas_ampicilliniresistens	aerobe
shimia_biformata	aerobe
sphingobacterium_changzhouense	aerobe
lacibacter_daechungensis	aerobe
flavobacterium_ginsengisoli	aerobe
lactobacillus_nenjiangensis	facultative anaerobe
chryseobacterium_bernardetii	aerobe
chryseobacterium_nakagawai	aerobe
chryseobacterium_angstadtii	aerobe
nibribacter_koreensis	aerobe
nocardioides_endophyticus	aerobe
nocardioides_conyzicola	aerobe
luteibaculum_oceani	aerobe
halarchaeum_nitratireducens	aerobe
lacibacterium_aquatile	facultative aerobe
shewanella_aestuarii	facultative anaerobe
flavobacterium_limnosediminis	aerobe
kordia_aquimaris	aerobe
halosimplex_rubrum	aerobe
mesorhizobium_tarimense	aerobe
mesorhizobium_gobiense	aerobe
haloferula_harenae	aerobe
haloferula_rosea	aerobe
haloferula_phyci	aerobe
haloferula_helveola	aerobe
haloferula_sargassicola	aerobe
halomonas_salifodinae	aerobe
marinobacter_mobilis	aerobe
marinobacter_zhejiangensis	aerobe
paenibacillus_antarcticus	facultative anaerobe
alteromonas_litorea	anaerobe
zobellia_amurskyensis	aerobe
zobellia_laminariae	aerobe
zobellia_russellii	aerobe
rubrobacter_taiwanensis	aerobe
paracoccus_haeundaensis	aerobe
tenuibacillus_multivorans	aerobe
nocardioides_aestuarii	aerobe
shewanella_marisflavi	anaerobe
shewanella_aquimarina	anaerobe
pseudoxanthomonas_koreensis	aerobe
acetanaerobacterium_elongatum	anaerobe
mycoplasma_amphoriforme	facultative anaerobe
lentibacillus_juripiscarius	aerobe
bacillus_bogoriensis	aerobe
asticcacaulis_taihuensis	aerobe
treponema_berlinense	anaerobe
treponema_porcinum	anaerobe
rhodococcus_yunnanensis	aerobe
phyllobacterium_catacumbae	aerobe
methylomicrobium_lacus	aerobe
geobacter_psychrophilus	anaerobe
odoribacter_denticanis	anaerobe
thiovirga_sulfuroxydans	aerobe
mucispirillum_schaedleri	anaerobe
alkalibacterium_iburiense	facultative anaerobe
paracoccus_koreensis	aerobe
azospirillum_oryzae	facultative aerobe
altererythrobacter_luteolus	aerobe
methylibium_petroleiphilum	facultative aerobe
lacinutrix_copepodicola	aerobe
subsaximicrobium_wynnwilliamsii	aerobe
subsaximicrobium_saxinquilinus	aerobe
subsaxibacter_broadyi	aerobe
bizionia_myxarmorum	aerobe
bizionia_gelidisalsuginis	aerobe
bizionia_saleffrena	aerobe
gillisia_hiemivivida	aerobe
gillisia_sandarakina	aerobe
gillisia_illustrilutea	aerobe
gelidibacter_gilvus	aerobe
gelidibacter_salicanalis	aerobe
bizionia_algoritergicola	aerobe
pedobacter_himalayensis	aerobe
pilibacter_termitis	anaerobe
roseivirga_echinicomitans	aerobe
mitsuaria_chitosanitabida	aerobe
pseudoalteromonas_spongiae	aerobe
winogradskyella_poriferorum	aerobe
spiroplasma_leucomae	facultative anaerobe
dialister_propionicifaciens	anaerobe
methylobacter_tundripaludum	aerobe
pseudoalteromonas_byunsanensis	aerobe
zoogloea_oryzae	aerobe
photobacterium_aplysiae	facultative anaerobe
terrabacter_terrae	aerobe
cyclobacterium_amurskyense	aerobe
thalassotalea_loyana	aerobe
shewanella_pneumatophori	anaerobe
alteromonas_hispanica	aerobe
nonlabens_tegetincola	aerobe
kitasatospora_sampliensis	aerobe
dokdonia_genika	aerobe
dokdonia_eikasta	aerobe
dokdonia_diaphoros	aerobe
helicobacter_cynogastricus	aerobe
nonlabens_spongiae	aerobe
shewanella_hafniensis	aerobe
shewanella_morhuae	aerobe
bacillus_tequilensis	aerobe
larkinella_insperata	aerobe
halovivax_asiaticus	aerobe
polaromonas_aquatica	aerobe
azonexus_caeni	aerobe
azospirillum_melinis	facultative anaerobe
tenacibaculum_litoreum	aerobe
pedobacter_roseus	aerobe
sediminicola_luteus	aerobe
thermomonas_koreensis	aerobe
nonlabens_sediminis	aerobe
flectobacillus_lacus	aerobe
yeosuana_aromativorans	aerobe
fabibacter_halotolerans	aerobe
roseivirga_spongicola	aerobe
caldalkalibacillus_thermarum	aerobe
terrimonas_lutea	aerobe
zobellella_taiwanensis	facultative anaerobe
pseudokineococcus_marinus	aerobe
lutibacter_litoralis	aerobe
pedobacter_sandarakinus	aerobe
costertonia_aggregata	aerobe
psychroserpens_mesophilus	aerobe
pedobacter_aquatilis	aerobe
halococcus_hamelinensis	aerobe
salicola_marasensis	aerobe
natronorubrum_aibiense	aerobe
leeuwenhoekiella_blandensis	aerobe
chryseobacterium_hispanicum	aerobe
helicobacter_equorum	microaerophile
mariniflexile_gromovii	facultative aerobe
chryseobacterium_taiwanense	aerobe
prolixibacter_bellariivorans	facultative anaerobe
tenacibaculum_aestuarii	aerobe
myroides_pelagicus	aerobe
gillisia_myxillae	aerobe
haloterrigena_limicola	aerobe
haloterrigena_longa	aerobe
hymenobacter_soli	aerobe
shewanella_donghaensis	anaerobe
sneathiella_chinensis	aerobe
shewanella_psychrophila	facultative anaerobe
shewanella_piezotolerans	facultative anaerobe
neptuniibacter_caesariensis	aerobe
paraferrimonas_sedimenticola	facultative anaerobe
labrys_neptuniae	aerobe
flagellimonas_eckloniae	aerobe
pseudoruegeria_aquimaris	aerobe
methylobacterium_jeotgali	aerobe
sediminibacter_furfurosus	aerobe
komagataeibacter_kombuchae	aerobe
fulvivirga_kasyanovii	aerobe
planifilum_yunnanense	aerobe
natronorubrum_sulfidifaciens	aerobe
marixanthomonas_ophiurae	aerobe
parapedobacter_koreensis	aerobe
pedobacter_panaciterrae	facultative anaerobe
treponema_isoptericolens	anaerobe
shewanella_algidipiscicola	aerobe
shewanella_glacialipiscicola	aerobe
tamlana_crocina	aerobe
paraglaciecola_agarilytica	aerobe
alteromonas_tagae	aerobe
alteromonas_simiduii	aerobe
persicitalea_jodogahamensis	aerobe
perexilibacter_aurantiacus	aerobe
altererythrobacter_epoxidivorans	aerobe
methylorubrum_salsuginis	aerobe
prevotella_pleuritidis	anaerobe
caenispirillum_bisanense	anaerobe
tenacibaculum_litopenaei	aerobe
pseudovibrio_japonicus	facultative anaerobe
aureispira_maritima	aerobe
psychromonas_hadalis	facultative anaerobe
pelagicoccus_mobilis	aerobe
pelagicoccus_albus	facultative anaerobe
pelagicoccus_litoralis	aerobe
alkalibacterium_indicireducens	facultative aerobe
virgibacillus_chiguensis	aerobe
salimicrobium_luteum	aerobe
anderseniella_baltica	aerobe
hymenobacter_xinjiangensis	aerobe
litoricola_lipolytica	facultative aerobe
lutimonas_vermicola	aerobe
alkalimonas_collagenimarina	aerobe
rapidithrix_thailandica	aerobe
modicisalibacter_tunisiensis	aerobe
longilinea_arvoryzae	anaerobe
cerasicoccus_arenae	aerobe
paracoccus_marinus	aerobe
enterococcus_camelliae	facultative anaerobe
roseomonas_terrae	aerobe
paenisporosarcina_quisquiliarum	aerobe
knoellia_remsis	aerobe
methylophaga_aminisulfidivorans	aerobe
pelomonas_puraquae	aerobe
pelomonas_aquatica	aerobe
helicobacter_baculiformis	microaerophile
flavobacterium_ceti	microaerophile
algibacter_mikhailovii	aerobe
roseateles_terrae	aerobe
pedobacter_koreensis	aerobe
halobacillus_campisalis	aerobe
bacillus_polygoni	aerobe
marinobacter_salicampi	aerobe
chromohalobacter_japonicus	aerobe
bacillus_isabeliae	aerobe
paracoccus_halophilus	aerobe
rubritalea_spongiae	aerobe
rubritalea_tangerina	facultative anaerobe
parapedobacter_soli	aerobe
shewanella_algae	aerobe
methylobacterium_platani	aerobe
brucella_pinnipedialis	aerobe
brucella_ceti	aerobe
hydrogenophaga_bisanensis	facultative aerobe
chryseobacterium_marinum	aerobe
pelagicoccus_croceus	aerobe
marinobacter_guineae	aerobe
olivibacter_terrae	aerobe
olivibacter_soli	aerobe
olivibacter_ginsengisoli	aerobe
sinomonas_echigonensis	aerobe
sinomonas_albida	aerobe
spirosoma_rigui	facultative anaerobe
methylomicrobium_japanense	aerobe
sneathiella_glossodoripedis	aerobe
actibacter_sediminis	aerobe
brucella_microti	aerobe
gaetbulibacter_marinus	aerobe
emticicia_ginsengisoli	aerobe
allohahella_antarctica	aerobe
marinobacter_pelagius	aerobe
halogeometricum_pallidum	aerobe
tenacibaculum_aiptasiae	aerobe
chryseobacterium_aquifrigidense	aerobe
nubsella_zeaxanthinifaciens	aerobe
halolactibacillus_alkaliphilus	facultative anaerobe
microbulbifer_halophilus	aerobe
roseibacillus_ishigakijimensis	aerobe
roseibacillus_ponti	aerobe
roseibacillus_persicicus	aerobe
streptomyces_deccanensis	aerobe
tenacibaculum_soleae	aerobe
fulvibacter_tottoriensis	aerobe
colwellia_polaris	aerobe
allorhizobium_oryzae	aerobe
natrinema_gari	aerobe
rhizobium_miluonense	aerobe
kineococcus_gynurae	aerobe
robinsoniella_peoriensis	anaerobe
marinobacter_psychrophilus	aerobe
sphingobacterium_siyangense	aerobe
croceitalea_eckloniae	aerobe
croceitalea_dokdonensis	aerobe
tamlana_agarivorans	aerobe
marinomonas_communis	aerobe
shewanella_basaltis	aerobe
exilispira_thermophila	anaerobe
marinomonas_arctica	aerobe
psychromonas_ossibalaenae	facultative anaerobe
psychromonas_aquimarina	facultative anaerobe
psychromonas_macrocephali	facultative anaerobe
halomonas_daqingensis	aerobe
filomicrobium_insigne	aerobe
mucilaginibacter_kameinonensis	aerobe
prosthecobacter_fluviatilis	aerobe
sphingobacterium_kitahiroshimense	aerobe
lacinutrix_mariniflava	aerobe
nocardioides_fonticola	aerobe
amphritea_japonica	facultative anaerobe
amphritea_balenae	facultative anaerobe
paenochrobactrum_glaciei	aerobe
mesorhizobium_caraganae	aerobe
psychromonas_heitensis	facultative anaerobe
paenibacillus_siamensis	facultative anaerobe
paenibacillus_septentrionalis	facultative anaerobe
paenibacillus_montaniterrae	facultative anaerobe
sphingobacterium_anhuiense	aerobe
vibrio_metschnikovii	aerobe
mogibacterium_neglectum	anaerobe
staphylococcus_gallinarum	aerobe
pseudomonas_fluorescens	aerobe
anaeroglobus_geminatus	anaerobe
giesbergeria_anulus	aerobe
acinetobacter_baumannii	aerobe
staphylococcus_intermedius	aerobe
anaerosacchariphilus_polymeriproducens	aerobe
achromobacter_dolens	aerobe
zoogloea_ramigera	aerobe
mogibacterium_diversum	obligate anaerobe
bartonella_rattimassiliensis	microaerophile
helicobacter_typhlonius	microaerophile
roseomonas_gilardii	aerobe
roseomonas_mucosa	aerobe
acinetobacter_oryzae	aerobe
gemella_palaticanis	microaerophile
pasteurella_stomatis	microaerophile
sneathia_sanguinegens	anaerobe
bartonella_bacilliformis	aerobe
haemophilus_haemolyticus	microaerophile
curvibacter_gracilis	aerobe
dermabacter_hominis	microaerophile
helicobacter_pullorum	microaerophile
afipia_felis	aerobe
helicobacter_bizzozeronii	microaerophile
psychrobacter_phenylpyruvicus	microaerophile
chryseobacterium_massiliense	aerobe
aggregatibacter_aphrophilus	microaerophile
paenibacillus_alvei	aerobe
neisseria_flavescens	aerobe
aerococcus_urinae	microaerophile
proteus_penneri	aerobe
staphylococcus_epidermidis	aerobe
achromobacter_insuavis	aerobe
veillonella_seminalis	anaerobe
haematobacter_massiliensis	microaerophile
haematobacter_missouriensis	microaerophile
mycobacterium_wolinskyi	microaerophile
achromobacter_denitrificans	aerobe
cupriavidus_laharis	aerobe
flavobacterium_piscis	aerobe
aeromonas_simiae	aerobe
bartonella_australis	microaerophile
helicobacter_mustelae	microaerophile
legionella_quateirensis	microaerophile
alloprevotella_tannerae	anaerobe
haemophilus_ducreyi	microaerophile
ideonella_dechloratans	aerobe
campylobacter_helveticus	microaerophile
paracoccus_yeei	aerobe
ignatzschineria_massiliensis	aerobe
elizabethkingia_meningoseptica	aerobe
pelistega_europaea	aerobe
azospirillum_lipoferum	facultative anaerobe
bordetella_hinzii	aerobe
myroides_odoratimimus	aerobe
macrococcus_carouselicus	aerobe
facklamia_hominis	microaerophile
facklamia_languida	microaerophile
mycobacterium_barrassiae	aerobe
legionella_rowbothamii	aerobe
sutterella_morbirenis	anaerobe
paenibacillus_lentimorbus	aerobe
gemella_haemolysans	microaerophile
curvibacter_lanceolatus	aerobe
bartonella_phoceensis	microaerophile
psychrobacter_glaciei	aerobe
helicobacter_acinonychis	microaerophile
helicobacter_canis	microaerophile
flavobacterium_tructae	aerobe
legionella_fairfieldensis	microaerophile
acinetobacter_dispersus	aerobe
acinetobacter_modestus	aerobe
bordetella_bronchialis	aerobe
pseudoglutamicibacter_cumminsii	microaerophile
paraphotobacterium_marinum	aerobe
bordetella_sputigena	aerobe
acinetobacter_lwoffii	aerobe
sphingobacterium_zeae	aerobe
burkholderia_puraquae	aerobe
prevotella_dentalis	anaerobe
vibrio_gangliei	facultative anaerobe
aeromicrobium_panacisoli	aerobe
bacteroides_nordii	anaerobe
mycoplasma_tullyi	aerobe
dysgonomonas_oryzarvi	facultative anaerobe
campylobacter_corcagiensis	anaerobe
butyricimonas_paravirosa	anaerobe
phaeobacter_porticola	aerobe
methylobrevis_pamukkalensis	aerobe
sphingobacterium_soli	aerobe
streptococcus_panodentis	microaerophile
niveibacterium_umoris	facultative anaerobe
bacillus_cavernae	obligate aerobe
vogesella_facilis	facultative anaerobe
proteiniphilum_saccharofermentans	facultative anaerobe
fermentimonas_caenicola	facultative anaerobe
pontibacter_amylolyticus	aerobe
methylovulum_psychrotolerans	aerobe
moheibacter_stercoris	aerobe
winogradskyella_sediminis	aerobe
cephaloticoccus_capnophilus	obligate aerobe
algoriphagus_roseus	aerobe
vitellibacter_aquimaris	aerobe
streptococcus_pantholopis	facultative anaerobe
sporosalibacterium_tautonense	obligate anaerobe
thermodesulfobium_acidiphilum	obligate anaerobe
streptococcus_caviae	facultative anaerobe
alkalicoccus_halolimnae	aerobe
defluviitalea_raffinosedens	anaerobe
bacillus_zeae	aerobe
fournierella_massiliensis	anaerobe
faecalimonas_umbilicata	obligate anaerobe
ileibacterium_valens	anaerobe
dubosiella_newyorkensis	anaerobe
rectinema_cohabitans	anaerobe
treponema_ruminis	anaerobe
luteitalea_pratensis	aerobe
halomonas_alkalicola	aerobe
rouxiella_silvae	facultative anaerobe
tibeticola_sediminis	aerobe
sulfuritortus_calidifontis	facultative anaerobe
vitiosangium_subalbum	aerobe
vitiosangium_cumulatum	aerobe
actinomyces_vulturis	facultative anaerobe
naumannella_huperziae	aerobe
actinomyces_liubingyangii	facultative anaerobe
pyrobaculum_igneiluti	obligate anaerobe
flaviaesturariibacter_luteus	aerobe
marinisporobacter_balticus	facultative anaerobe
alkaliphilus_namsaraevii	aerotolerant
desulfosporosinus_nitroreducens	anaerobe
desulfosporosinus_fructosivorans	anaerobe
desulfurobacterium_indicum	anaerobe
pseudomonas_lactis	aerobe
pseudomonas_paralactis	aerobe
rodentibacter_ratti	microaerophile
rodentibacter_heidelbergensis	microaerophile
rodentibacter_trehalosifermentans	microaerophile
rodentibacter_rarus	microaerophile
rodentibacter_mrazii	microaerophile
paracandidimonas_soli	facultative anaerobe
mobilicoccus_caccae	facultative anaerobe
nocardioides_litoris	aerobe
bifidobacterium_apri	anaerobe
lentzea_cavernae	aerobe
paraglaciecola_hydrolytica	aerobe
paenibacillus_konkukensis	aerobe
treponema_rectale	obligate anaerobe
sphingomonas_spermidinifaciens	aerobe
cysteiniphilum_litorale	microaerophile
roseobacter_ponti	aerobe
leucobacter_ruminantium	aerobe
naumannella_cuiyingiana	aerobe
nocardioides_sonneratiae	aerobe
alloscardovia_venturai	anaerobe
pseudonocardia_nigra	aerobe
mesonia_maritima	obligate aerobe
micrococcoides_hystricis	aerobe
bacillus_notoginsengisoli	aerobe
desulfocucumis_palustris	obligate anaerobe
bacillus_wudalianchiensis	aerobe
bacillus_praedii	aerobe
lactobacillus_caviae	anaerobe
silvanigrella_aquatica	aerobe
blastomonas_marina	facultative anaerobe
stenotrophomonas_bentonitica	aerobe
desulfosarcina_widdelii	anaerobe
desulfosarcina_alkanivorans	anaerobe
mycobacterium_eburneum	aerobe
conexibacter_stalactiti	aerobe
actinomyces_gaoshouyii	facultative anaerobe
nocardia_heshunensis	aerobe
saonia_flava	aerobe
flavobacterium_gossypii	aerobe
echinicola_sediminis	aerobe
lactobacillus_cerevisiae	facultative anaerobe
bacillus_kiskunsagensis	facultative anaerobe
bacillus_iocasae	aerobe
lactobacillus_silagincola	facultative anaerobe
lactobacillus_pentosiphilus	facultative anaerobe
streptococcus_ruminantium	aerobe
oceanispirochaeta_sediminicola	obligate anaerobe
desulfovibrio_senegalensis	anaerobe
monaibacterium_marinum	aerobe
sulfurivermis_fontis	facultative anaerobe
citrobacter_portucalensis	facultative anaerobe
paraliobacillus_sediminis	facultative anaerobe
paenibacillus_lacus	aerobe
auricoccus_indicus	aerobe
mariniblastus_fucicola	aerobe
dehalogenimonas_formicexedens	anaerobe
lysobacter_solanacearum	aerobe
endothiovibrio_diazotrophicus	microaerophile
pseudaminobacter_manganicus	aerobe
xenorhabdus_thuongxuanensis	aerobe
xenorhabdus_eapokensis	aerobe
hyphobacterium_vulgare	aerobe
rhodanobacter_humi	aerobe
mangrovibacter_phragmitis	facultative anaerobe
nioella_sediminis	aerobe
psychromonas_aquatilis	aerobe
aquaspirillum_soli	microaerophile
paenibacillus_apis	facultative anaerobe
paenibacillus_intestini	facultative anaerobe
sphingopyxis_solisilvae	aerobe
bradyrhizobium_mercantei	aerobe
photobacterium_proteolyticum	facultative anaerobe
paracoccus_hibisci	aerobe
pseudorhodobacter_ponti	facultative anaerobe
noviherbaspirillum_denitrificans	facultative anaerobe
noviherbaspirillum_autotrophicum	facultative anaerobe
agrobacterium_salinitolerans	aerobe
photobacterium_alginatilyticum	facultative aerobe
delftia_rhizosphaerae	aerobe
campylobacter_pinnipediorum	microaerophile
kocuria_pelophila	aerobe
actinomadura_montaniterrae	aerobe
nocardia_shinanonensis	aerobe
flexivirga_endophytica	aerobe
streptomyces_rhizosphaerihabitans	aerobe
streptomyces_adustus	aerobe
flexivirga_lutea	obligate aerobe
streptomyces_verrucosisporus	aerobe
populibacterium_corticicola	aerobe
rubrivirga_profundi	facultative anaerobe
zeaxanthinibacter_aestuarii	obligate aerobe
longibacter_salinarum	facultative anaerobe
echinicola_rosea	aerobe
flavobacterium_verecundum	obligate aerobe
emticicia_paludis	obligate aerobe
aquimarina_aggregata	obligate aerobe
achromobacter_deleyi	aerobe
achromobacter_kerstersii	aerobe
achromobacter_pestifer	aerobe
achromobacter_agilis	aerobe
lutimaribacter_marinistellae	facultative anaerobe
massilia_pinisoli	aerobe
niabella_aquatica	obligate aerobe
mucilaginibacter_pocheonensis	aerobe
gelatiniphilus_marinus	obligate aerobe
aureisphaera_salina	obligate aerobe
flavobacterium_fulvum	aerobe
flavobacterium_pedocola	obligate aerobe
flavobacterium_humicola	obligate aerobe
taibaiella_soli	obligate aerobe
paenibacillus_arachidis	facultative anaerobe
anoxybacillus_geothermalis	facultative anaerobe
desulfotomaculum_ferrireducens	obligate anaerobe
algoriphagus_marinus	facultative anaerobe
flavobacterium_soyangense	aerobe
muricauda_marina	aerobe
sporosarcina_terrae	aerobe
paenibacillus_tritici	aerobe
sporolactobacillus_shoreicorticis	facultative anaerobe
merdimonas_faecis	anaerobe
aliidiomarina_sedimenti	aerobe
rhizobium_arenae	aerobe
thioclava_nitratireducens	aerobe
acinetobacter_colistiniresistens	aerobe
bombella_apis	obligate aerobe
thalassotalea_crassostreae	aerobe
bradyrhizobium_cajani	aerobe
thalassotalea_litorea	aerobe
perlucidibaca_aquatica	aerobe
mesorhizobium_helmanticense	aerobe
rhizobium_zeae	aerobe
roseomonas_suffusca	aerobe
kiloniella_antarctica	microaerophile
flavitalea_antarctica	aerobe
bizionia_sediminis	aerobe
parafilimonas_rhizosphaerae	aerobe
flaviramulus_aestuariivivens	aerobe
paenibacillus_polysaccharolyticus	aerobe
megasphaera_hexanoica	anaerobe
bacillus_mangrovi	facultative anaerobe
lysinibacillus_telephonicus	aerobe
parapedobacter_deserti	aerobe
flavobacterium_keumense	aerobe
hymenobacter_tenuis	aerobe
algibacter_aquaticus	aerobe
olleya_algicola	aerobe
flavobacterium_olei	aerobe
halorubrum_trueperi	aerobe
spirosoma_knui	aerobe
pontibacter_aurantiacus	aerobe
anaeromicrobium_sediminis	anaerobe
bacillus_terrae	aerobe
rhodanobacter_rhizosphaerae	aerobe
parahaliea_aestuarii	obligate aerobe
microbulbifer_aestuariivivens	aerobe
dyella_lipolytica	aerobe
mangrovihabitans_endophyticus	aerobe
nonomuraea_rhodomycinica	aerobe
pseudonocardia_profundimaris	aerobe
micromonospora_fulva	aerobe
kibdelosporangium_kanagawaense	aerobe
kibdelosporangium_rhizosphaerae	aerobe
kibdelosporangium_rhizovicinum	aerobe
microbacterium_tumbae	obligate aerobe
nesterenkonia_cremea	aerobe
calidifontibacter_terrae	aerobe
tessaracoccus_arenae	facultative anaerobe
saccharopolyspora_spongiae	aerobe
sulfodiicoccus_acidiphilus	aerobe
chryseobacterium_reticulitermitis	aerobe
salibacter_halophilus	facultative anaerobe
aquimarina_rubra	facultative anaerobe
marivirga_harenae	obligate aerobe
sphingobacterium_alkalisoli	obligate aerobe
hymenobacter_coccineus	aerobe
hymenobacter_lapidarius	aerobe
hymenobacter_glacialis	aerobe
polaribacter_litorisediminis	aerobe
salinovum_rubellum	aerobe
nitratireductor_aestuarii	facultative aerobe
campylobacter_ornithocola	microaerophile
pararhizobium_antarcticum	aerobe
oleiagrimonas_citrea	aerobe
oleiagrimonas_soli	aerobe
acinetobacter_defluvii	obligate aerobe
thioclava_arenosa	facultative anaerobe
caulobacter_rhizosphaerae	aerobe
rodentibacter_myodis	microaerophile
pseudoxanthomonas_putridarboris	aerobe
salinicola_tamaricis	aerobe
sphingobacterium_populi	aerobe
hymenobacter_coalescens	aerobe
taeania_maliponensis	aerobe
compostibacter_hankyongensis	obligate aerobe
paenibacillus_aceti	facultative anaerobe
pseudogracilibacillus_marinus	aerobe
marinicrinis_sediminis	facultative anaerobe
chryseomicrobium_palamuruense	aerobe
colwellia_sediminilitoris	aerobe
sedimentitalea_todarodis	aerobe
rhizorhabdus_dicambivorans	obligate aerobe
rhodovulum_algae	anaerobe
pseudoalteromonas_neustonica	facultative anaerobe
marinobacterium_zhoushanense	facultative anaerobe
paracoccus_acridae	aerobe
phenylobacterium_aquaticum	obligate aerobe
pandoraea_terrae	facultative aerobe
novosphingobium_flavum	obligate aerobe
actinorhabdospora_filicis	aerobe
corynebacterium_guangdongense	facultative anaerobe
planomonospora_corallina	aerobe
micromonospora_sediminis	aerobe
streptomyces_chitinivorans	aerobe
halorubrum_pallidum	aerobe
salinigranum_salinum	anaerobe
paenibacillus_liaoningensis	aerobe
leucobacter_corticis	aerobe
puzihella_rosea	aerobe
natrinema_soli	obligate aerobe
caldicellulosiruptor_obsidiansis	obligate anaerobe
cellulomonas_gilvus	facultative anaerobe
cellvibrio_japonicus	aerobe
gynuella_sunshinyii	facultative anaerobe
thermogemmatispora_onikobensis	aerobe
eubacterium_cellulosolvens	anaerobe
cumulibacter_manganitolerans	obligate aerobe
actinokineospora_acnipugnans	aerobe
pseudonocardia_thailandensis	aerobe
nocardioides_thalensis	aerobe
pedobacter_psychrophilus	aerobe
lacihabitans_lacunae	aerobe
flavobacterium_fluminis	aerobe
terrimonas_terrae	aerobe
zunongwangia_endophytica	microaerophile
mucilaginibacter_rubeus	aerobe
hymenobacter_pallidus	aerobe
emticicia_soli	aerobe
flavobacterium_flaviflagrans	aerobe
mucilaginibacter_craterilacus	obligate aerobe
chengkuizengella_sediminis	aerobe
aneurinibacillus_sediminis	obligate aerobe
planococcus_ruber	aerobe
domibacillus_mangrovi	obligate aerobe
domibacillus_epiphyticus	obligate aerobe
laceyella_thermophila	aerobe
dictyobacter_aurantiacus	aerobe
meiothermus_luteus	aerobe
thermus_caldifontis	aerobe
massilia_phosphatilytica	aerobe
cellvibrio_fontiphilus	obligate aerobe
sphingomonas_olei	aerobe
pseudoalteromonas_piratica	obligate aerobe
natronospira_proteinivora	obligate aerobe
marinobacter_aquaticus	obligate aerobe
serratia_oryzae	facultative anaerobe
mongoliimonas_terrestris	aerobe
filimonas_aquilariae	aerobe
algoriphagus_aquaemixtae	aerobe
gracilimonas_halophila	facultative anaerobe
brumimicrobium_aurantiacum	facultative anaerobe
tenacibaculum_haliotis	aerobe
chitinophaga_rhizosphaerae	aerobe
winogradskyella_flava	aerobe
lewinella_maritima	aerobe
paenibacillus_aurantiacus	aerobe
polycladomyces_subterraneus	aerobe
vagococcus_martis	facultative aerobe
lewinella_lacunae	aerobe
swionibacillus_sediminis	obligate aerobe
tundrisphaera_lichenicola	obligate aerobe
pelagibacterium_lentulum	aerobe
polynucleobacter_sphagniphilus	aerobe
silanimonas_algicola	aerobe
phreatobacter_stygius	obligate aerobe
rhodopseudomonas_telluris	facultative aerobe
altererythrobacter_aquaemixtae	aerobe
amylibacter_cionae	aerobe
puniceibacterium_confluentis	aerobe
reyranella_aquatilis	obligate aerobe
planktotalea_arctica	aerobe
vibrio_palustris	facultative anaerobe
vibrio_spartinae	facultative anaerobe
kushneria_konosiri	obligate aerobe
novosphingobium_ipomoeae	aerobe
pacificibacter_aestuarii	obligate aerobe
brenneria_populi	facultative anaerobe
altererythrobacter_xixiisoli	aerobe
actinoplanes_ramoplaninifer	aerobe
altererythrobacter_deserti	aerobe
alteromonas_pelagimontana	obligate aerobe
anaerotignum_aminivorans	obligate anaerobe
catenovulum_sediminis	obligate aerobe
confluentibacter_citreus	aerobe
consotaella_salsifontis	facultative aerobe
croceitalea_marina	obligate aerobe
croceivirga_radicis	aerobe
crocinitomix_algicola	obligate aerobe
dyella_agri	aerobe
edaphobacter_acidisoli	aerobe
elstera_cyanobacteriorum	aerobe
endozoicomonas_acroporae	aerobe
erythrobacter_arachoides	aerobe
flavimarina_flava	aerobe
flavobacterium_ardleyense	aerobe
flavobacterium_quisquiliarum	aerobe
hydrogenophaga_crassostreae	aerobe
hydrogenophaga_soli	obligate aerobe
hymenobacter_frigidus	aerobe
hyphococcus_flavus	aerobe
lactobacillus_curtus	facultative anaerobe
lentibacillus_sediminis	facultative anaerobe
limibaculum_halophilum	aerobe
loktanella_acticola	aerobe
longimonas_haloalkaliphila	obligate aerobe
longispora_urticae	aerobe
luteolibacter_gellanilyticus	aerobe
maribacter_pelagius	obligate aerobe
marispirochaeta_aestuarii	obligate anaerobe
marivibrio_halodurans	anaerobe
massilia_glaciei	aerobe
mucilaginibacter_terrae	aerobe
mycobacterium_aquiterrae	aerobe
microbulbifer_aggregans	obligate aerobe
natronotalea_proteinilytica	obligate aerobe
nesterenkonia_pannonica	obligate aerobe
nocardioides_agrisoli	aerobe
nocardioides_kandeliae	aerobe
nocardioides_litorisoli	obligate aerobe
oryzihumus_soli	aerobe
oryzisolibacter_propanilivorax	aerobe
paludicola_psychrotolerans	anaerobe
roseomonas_aerofrigidensis	obligate aerobe
salinimicrobium_flavum	facultative anaerobe
sphingobacterium_corticis	aerobe
sphingomonas_antarctica	aerobe
sphingomonas_frigidaeris	obligate aerobe
spirosoma_carri	aerobe
thalassotalea_profundi	obligate aerobe
williamwhitmania_taraxaci	obligate anaerobe
winogradskyella_maritima	obligate aerobe
cephaloticoccus_primus	obligate aerobe
ideonella_sakaiensis	aerobe
grimontia_celer	facultative anaerobe
ensifer_glycinis	aerobe
rhodobacter_sediminis	aerobe
seohaeicola_zhoushanensis	facultative anaerobe
pseudoruegeria_aestuarii	aerobe
novosphingobium_naphthae	obligate aerobe
marinomonas_gallaica	obligate aerobe
marinomonas_atlantica	obligate aerobe
cribrihabitans_pelagius	obligate aerobe
altererythrobacter_rigui	aerobe
aquaticitalea_lipolytica	aerobe
comamonas_sediminis	aerobe
corticibacterium_populi	aerobe
humibacter_soli	aerobe
kordia_ulvae	aerobe
lentimicrobium_saccharophilum	obligate anaerobe
flavimaricola_marinus	aerobe
niabella_pedocola	aerobe
paludibacterium_purpuratum	facultative anaerobe
phenylobacterium_panacis	aerobe
polaromonas_eurypsychrophila	aerobe
pseudoalteromonas_fenneropenaei	aerobe
roseivirga_maritima	aerobe
salipaludibacillus_aurantiacus	aerobe
tenacibaculum_sediminilitoris	aerobe
variovorax_humicola	aerobe
aliifodinibius_halophilus	facultative anaerobe
cupriavidus_nantongensis	aerobe
halanaeroarchaeum_sulfurireducens	obligate anaerobe
haloparvum_sedimenti	aerobe
hymenobacter_marinus	obligate aerobe
jiulongibacter_sediminis	obligate aerobe
kordiimonas_lipolytica	aerobe
leucobacter_populi	aerobe
streptosporangium_jiaoheense	aerobe
streptosporangium_taraxaci	aerobe
thermosporothrix_narukonensis	aerobe
tumebacillus_soli	obligate aerobe
aliidiomarina_iranensis	facultative anaerobe
halomonas_urumqiensis	aerobe
luteimonas_terrae	obligate aerobe
mycoavidus_cysteinexigens	aerobe
nocardia_rayongensis	aerobe
nocardioides_rotundus	aerobe
paenibacillus_baekrokdamisoli	obligate aerobe
rhizobacter_profundi	aerobe
sphingomonas_metalli	aerobe
streptomyces_andamanensis	aerobe
allohumibacter_endophyticus	aerobe
aquisalinus_flavus	aerobe
celeribacter_persicus	aerobe
flavobacterium_brevivitae	obligate aerobe
maribacter_lutimaris	obligate aerobe
marinobacterium_aestuariivivens	aerobe
marinomonas_spartinae	aerobe
microbulbifer_rhizosphaerae	aerobe
mucilaginibacter_carri	obligate aerobe
niastella_vici	obligate aerobe
ornithinicoccus_halotolerans	aerobe
paenibacillus_periandrae	aerobe
rhizobium_ipomoeae	aerobe
taibaiella_coffeisoli	obligate aerobe
terasakiella_brassicae	aerobe
thalassobius_litorarius	aerobe
virgibacillus_kapii	obligate aerobe
ampullimonas_aquatilis	obligate aerobe
apibacter_adventoris	microaerophile
arenimonas_aestuarii	aerobe
azospirillum_agricola	facultative aerobe
bacillus_australimaris	obligate aerobe
bacillus_zhangzhouensis	obligate aerobe
bacillus_piscicola	obligate aerobe
bacteroides_caecicola	obligate anaerobe
bacteroides_gallinaceum	obligate anaerobe
bifidobacterium_aquikefiri	anaerobe
brevundimonas_albigilva	aerobe
erwinia_gerundensis	facultative anaerobe
flavobacterium_lutivivi	obligate aerobe
gaetbulibacter_aquiaggeris	aerobe
hymenobacter_paludis	aerobe
kineococcus_mangrovi	aerobe
leeuwenhoekiella_nanhaiensis	aerobe
lysobacter_aestuarii	obligate aerobe
lysobacter_terricola	aerobe
marinagarivorans_algicola	facultative anaerobe
marinobacterium_profundum	obligate aerobe
membranicola_marinus	obligate aerobe
mucilaginibacter_roseus	aerobe
nitrincola_alkalisediminis	aerobe
novosphingobium_piscinae	aerobe
paenibacillus_cathormii	facultative anaerobe
paraclostridium_benzoelyticum	obligate anaerobe
pseudahrensia_todarodis	obligate aerobe
pseudofulvibacter_marinus	obligate aerobe
pseudomonas_populi	aerobe
rhizobium_puerariae	aerobe
roseomonas_arctica	aerobe
sediminivirga_luteola	aerobe
stenotrophomonas_tumulicola	obligate aerobe
streptomyces_daqingensis	aerobe
tenacibaculum_ascidiaceicola	aerobe
terrilactibacillus_laevilacticus	facultative anaerobe
acinetobacter_equi	aerobe
comamonas_piscis	obligate aerobe
confluentibacter_lentus	aerobe
dissulfurimicrobium_hydrothermale	anaerobe
erwinia_endophytica	facultative anaerobe
flexilinea_flocculi	obligate anaerobe
halomonas_garicola	facultative aerobe
hymenobacter_monticola	aerobe
kocuria_arsenatis	aerobe
lacinutrix_gracilariae	aerobe
luteimonas_pelagia	aerobe
marimicrobium_arenosum	obligate aerobe
marivivens_donghaensis	aerobe
massilia_violacea	aerobe
nonomuraea_thermotolerans	aerobe
novosphingobium_colocasiae	aerobe
paenibacillus_nasutitermitis	aerobe
paenibacillus_radicis	aerobe
saccharibacillus_deserti	facultative anaerobe
saccharothrix_stipae	aerobe
salinicola_rhizosphaerae	aerobe
thermostilla_marina	facultative anaerobe
tianweitania_sediminis	obligate aerobe
actinoplanes_lichenis	aerobe
algoriphagus_confluentis	aerobe
aquimarina_hainanensis	obligate aerobe
arcticiflavibacter_luteus	aerobe
aurantiacicella_marina	aerobe
belliella_buryatensis	aerobe
brachybacterium_horti	facultative anaerobe
novosphingobium_fontis	aerobe
paracoccus_hibiscisoli	aerobe
cryptosporangium_eucalypti	aerobe
conyzicola_nivalis	aerobe
nakamurella_intestinalis	aerobe
nocardia_cavernae	aerobe
aliifodinibius_salicampi	aerobe
flavivirga_eckloniae	aerobe
flavivirga_aquimarina	aerobe
flaviaesturariibacter_terrae	aerobe
daejeonia_ginsenosidivorans	aerobe
bacillus_paranthracis	facultative anaerobe
bacillus_pacificus	facultative anaerobe
bacillus_tropicus	facultative anaerobe
bacillus_albus	facultative anaerobe
bacillus_mobilis	facultative anaerobe
bacillus_luti	facultative anaerobe
bacillus_proteolyticus	facultative anaerobe
bacillus_nitratireducens	facultative anaerobe
bacillus_paramycoides	facultative anaerobe
paracoccus_aerius	facultative anaerobe
marinomonas_epiphytica	aerobe
arenimonas_soli	aerobe
aureimonas_endophytica	aerobe
paracoccus_mangrovi	aerobe
blastomonas_fulva	aerobe
massilia_solisilvae	aerobe
massilia_terrae	aerobe
massilia_agilis	aerobe
sphingomonas_limnosediminicola	aerobe
sphingomonas_palustris	aerobe
sphingomonas_crusticola	aerobe
paraphaeobacter_pallidus	aerobe
pseudomonas_wadenswilerensis	aerobe
pseudomonas_reidholzensis	aerobe
sphingobium_naphthae	aerobe
rhizobium_wenxiniae	aerobe
massilia_agri	aerobe
altererythrobacter_halimionae	aerobe
altererythrobacter_endophyticus	aerobe
mesorhizobium_oceanicum	aerobe
defluviimonas_nitratireducens	facultative aerobe
sphingomonas_silvisoli	aerobe
henriciella_barbarensis	aerobe
henriciella_algicola	aerobe
roseibium_sediminis	facultative aerobe
alteromonas_aestuariivivens	aerobe
umboniibacter_caenipelagi	aerobe
henriciella_pelagia	aerobe
erythrobacter_aquimixticola	aerobe
sphingomonas_gotjawalisoli	aerobe
roseomonas_hibiscisoli	aerobe
spiribacter_aquaticus	aerobe
novosphingobium_humi	aerobe
angustibacter_speluncae	aerobe
arenivirga_flava	aerobe
prauserella_oleivorans	aerobe
lysinimicrobium_sediminis	aerobe
novosphingobium_clariflavum	aerobe
agarilytica_rhodophyticola	aerobe
algoriphagus_marisflavi	aerobe
allobranchiibius_huperziae	aerobe
bacillus_endozanthoxylicus	aerobe
bifidobacterium_vansinderenii	facultative anaerobe
caballeronia_arationis	aerobe
caballeronia_arvi	aerobe
caballeronia_calidae	aerobe
caballeronia_catudaia	aerobe
caballeronia_concitans	aerobe
caballeronia_fortuita	aerobe
caballeronia_glebae	aerobe
caballeronia_hypogeia	aerobe
caballeronia_pedi	aerobe
caballeronia_peredens	aerobe
caballeronia_ptereochthonis	aerobe
caballeronia_temeraria	aerobe
caballeronia_turbans	aerobe
chryseomicrobium_deserti	aerobe
psychrobacter_pasteurii	aerobe
pigmentiphaga_aceris	aerobe
psychrobacter_piechaudii	aerobe
geofilum_rhodophaeum	facultative anaerobe
dyella_caseinilytica	aerobe
dyella_flava	aerobe
dyella_mobilis	aerobe
hydrogenophaga_aquatica	aerobe
paralkalibacillus_indicireducens	facultative anaerobe
parapedobacter_lycopersici	aerobe
parasphingopyxis_algicola	aerobe
petrothermobacter_organivorans	obligate anaerobe
polaribacter_insulae	aerobe
pontibacterium_granulatum	aerobe
promicromonospora_soli	aerobe
propioniciclava_sinopodophylli	facultative anaerobe
pseudokineococcus_basanitobsidens	aerobe
ramlibacter_rhizophilus	aerobe
rhizobium_esperanzae	aerobe
salinifilum_proteinilyticum	aerobe
saliphagus_infecundisoli	aerobe
sphingomonas_carri	aerobe
sphingomonas_jeddahensis	aerobe
streptomyces_cerasinus	aerobe
actibacterium_ureilyticum	aerobe
undibacterium_arcticum	aerobe
pseudorhodobacter_sinensis	aerobe
pseudorhodobacter_aquaticus	aerobe
sphingomonas_faucium	aerobe
ventosimonas_gracilis	obligate aerobe
helicobacter_apri	microaerophile
shewanella_gelidii	facultative anaerobe
domibacillus_antri	aerobe
flavobacterium_tyrosinilyticum	facultative anaerobe
fulvivirga_lutimaris	aerobe
gramella_sediminilitoris	aerobe
crenalkalicoccus_roseus	aerobe
fermentibacillus_polygoni	facultative anaerobe
flavobacterium_tistrianum	aerobe
luteimonas_arsenica	aerobe
maliponia_aquimaris	aerobe
thalassobaculum_fulvum	aerobe
agromyces_insulae	aerobe
flavobacterium_suaedae	aerobe
rhodococcus_pedocola	aerobe
rhodococcus_humicola	aerobe
paracoccus_cavernae	aerobe
pedobacter_humi	aerobe
pseudoroseicyclus_aestuarii	aerobe
psychroflexus_aestuariivivens	aerobe
planktosalinus_lacus	aerobe
seonamhaeicola_algicola	facultative anaerobe
sphingobacterium_griseoflavum	aerobe
actinopolyspora_salinaria	aerobe
alkalispirochaeta_cellulosivorans	obligate anaerobe
cohnella_saccharovorans	aerobe
pseudofulvibacter_gastropodicola	aerobe
psychroflexus_planctonicus	aerobe
psychroflexus_salis	aerobe
rhizobium_acidisoli	aerobe
franconibacter_daqui	facultative anaerobe
frankia_asymbiotica	aerobe
frondibacter_mangrovi	obligate aerobe
gemmobacter_straminiformis	facultative anaerobe
nioella_aestuarii	aerobe
nitrincola_alkalilacustris	facultative anaerobe
nitrincola_schmidtii	facultative anaerobe
nitrosopumilus_maritimus	aerobe
nocardioides_immobilis	aerobe
nonomuraea_glycinis	aerobe
oceaniglobus_indicus	aerobe
paraferrimonas_haliotis	facultative anaerobe
streptomyces_amphotericinicus	aerobe
streptomyces_kalpinensis	aerobe
streptomyces_odonnellii	aerobe
tenacibaculum_agarivorans	aerobe
quisquiliibacterium_transsilvanicum	aerobe
ramlibacter_alkalitolerans	aerobe
ramlibacter_monticola	aerobe
deinococcus_actinosclerus	aerobe
egicoccus_halophilus	aerobe
fabivirga_thermotolerans	aerobe
halosiccatus_urmianus	aerobe
ideonella_paludis	obligate aerobe
pseudorhodobacter_psychrotolerans	facultative aerobe
roseovarius_atlanticus	obligate aerobe
catenulispora_fulva	aerobe
cuniculiplasma_divulgatum	facultative anaerobe
devosia_humi	aerobe
duganella_ginsengisoli	aerobe
egibacter_rhizosphaerae	aerobe
flavobacterium_collinsense	aerobe
flavobacterium_paronense	obligate aerobe
haloarchaeobius_baliensis	aerobe
halorubrum_halodurans	obligate aerobe
lacimicrobium_alkaliphilum	facultative aerobe
lysobacter_hankyongensis	aerobe
lysobacter_sediminicola	aerobe
massilia_putida	aerobe
methyloterrigena_soli	aerobe
nocardioides_albidus	aerobe
novosphingobium_oryzae	aerobe
woeseia_oceani	facultative anaerobe
actibacterium_pelagium	aerobe
aurantimonas_aggregata	obligate aerobe
bradyrhizobium_namibiense	aerobe
gordonia_phthalatica	aerobe
kocuria_salina	aerobe
lactobacillus_allii	facultative anaerobe
lactobacillus_musae	facultative anaerobe
larkinella_soli	obligate aerobe
maribacter_cobaltidurans	aerobe
massilia_neuiana	aerobe
paenibacillus_azotifigens	aerobe
paenibacillus_nebraskensis	aerobe
paenibacillus_solanacearum	aerobe
pedobacter_kyonggii	obligate aerobe
rhodosalinus_sediminis	facultative anaerobe
sphingobium_paulinellae	aerobe
sphingobium_algicola	aerobe
sphingomonas_carotinifaciens	obligate aerobe
sphingomonas_jatrophae	obligate aerobe
sphingomonas_difficilis	aerobe
spirosoma_litoris	aerobe
undibacterium_amnicola	obligate aerobe
verrucosispora_endophytica	aerobe
puia_dinghuensis	aerobe
pseudomonas_fragi	aerobe
pseudomonas_putida	aerobe
pseudomonas_denitrificans	aerobe
neisseria_perflava	microaerophile
pseudomonas_mucidolens	aerobe
pseudomonas_reptilovora	aerobe
pseudomonas_cruciviae	aerobe
delftia_acidovorans	aerobe
pseudomonas_myxogenes	aerobe
azotobacter_chroococcum	aerobe
pseudomonas_aromatica	aerobe
vibrio_alginolyticus	aerobe
rahnella_aquatilis	aerobe
neisseria_subflava	microaerophile
fusobacterium_necrogenes	anaerobe
raoultella_ornithinolytica	aerobe
haemophilus_influenzaemurium	microaerophile
clostridium_botulinum	anaerobe
yersinia_kristensenii	aerobe
brevibacillus_choshinensis	microaerophile
mannheimia_glucosida	microaerophile
advenella_incenata	aerobe
pasteurella_dagmatis	microaerophile
pasteurella_aerogenes	aerobe
cupriavidus_pauculus	aerobe
suttonella_indologenes	aerobe
francisella_philomiragia	microaerophile
burkholderia_pseudomallei	aerobe
rodentibacter_pneumotropicus	microaerophile
moraxella_suis	microaerophile
pseudomonas_syringae	aerobe
acinetobacter_calcoaceticus	aerobe
comamonas_testosteroni	aerobe
aeromonas_caviae	aerobe
streptococcus_lutetiensis	microaerophile
photobacterium_phosphoreum	aerobe
vibrio_campbellii	aerobe
acidovorax_temperans	aerobe
bergeyella_zoohelcum	microaerophile
microbacterium_lacticum	microaerophile
psychrobacter_immobilis	aerobe
actinobacillus_seminis	microaerophile
acinetobacter_parvus	microaerophile
prevotella_oulorum	anaerobe
prevotella_zoogleoformans	anaerobe
eubacterium_sulci	anaerobe
mycobacterium_parascrofulaceum	microaerophile
tannerella_forsythia	anaerobe
escherichia_fergusonii	aerobe
yersinia_ruckeri	aerobe
mycobacterium_gordonae	microaerophile
listeria_innocua	aerobe
bacillus_thuringiensis	aerobe
curtobacterium_flaccumfaciens	aerobe
herbaspirillum_seropedicae	aerobe
listeria_seeligeri	aerobe
listeria_grayi	aerobe
listeria_welshimeri	aerobe
neisseria_flava	aerobe
empedobacter_stercoris	microaerophile
porphyrobacter_tepidarius	aerobe
neisseria_cinerea	microaerophile
aeromonas_sobria	aerobe
moraxella_catarrhalis	microaerophile
gallibacterium_anatis	aerobe
avibacterium_avium	microaerophile
azorhizobium_caulinodans	aerobe
vibrio_turbotae	aerobe
pasteurella_bettyae	microaerophile
bacillus_cereus	aerobe
corynebacterium_pseudogenitalium	microaerophile
mycobacterium_paraffinicum	aerobe
mycobacterium_kansasii	microaerophile
necropsobacter_rosorum	microaerophile
mycobacterium_scrofulaceum	microaerophile
mycobacterium_phlei	microaerophile
mycobacterium_peregrinum	microaerophile
eikenella_corrodens-like	microaerophile
kingella_denitrificans	microaerophile
corynebacterium_genitalium	microaerophile
staphylococcus_caprae	aerobe
staphylococcus_auricularis	aerobe
microbacterium_schleiferi	aerobe
pseudomonas_lundensis	aerobe
carnobacterium_mobile	microaerophile
tatumella_ptyseos	aerobe
citrobacter_farmeri	aerobe
lactobacillus_coleohominis	anaerobe
helcococcus_kunzii	microaerophile
brevibacillus_agri	aerobe
nevskia_ramosa	aerobe
yersinia_pestis	aerobe
bordetella_pertussis	microaerophile
trueperella_bernardiae	microaerophile
pseudomonas_coronafaciens	aerobe
pseudomonas_'eka'	aerobe
actinomyces_oris	microaerophile
globicatella_sanguinis	microaerophile
staphylococcus_saprophyticus	aerobe
nocardia_farcinica	microaerophile
francisella_tularensis	microaerophile
dolosigranulum_pigrum	microaerophile
ruminococcus_gnavus	anaerobe
flavobacterium_acidurans	aerobe
weissella_hellenica	aerobe
helicobacter_canicola	microaerophile
psychrobacter_'antarctica'	aerobe
moraxella_osloensis	microaerophile
erysipelothrix_rhusiopathiae	microaerophile
weissella_viridescens	microaerophile
schaalia_radingae	microaerophile
corynebacterium_amycolatum	microaerophile
lactobacillus_'astramurium'	anaerobe
phyllobacterium_myrsinacearum	aerobe
lactobacillus_casei-complex	anaerobe
vibrio_phenon	aerobe
gordonia_rubripertincta	aerobe
gallibacterium_melopsittaci	microaerophile
porphyromonas_canoris	anaerobe
aeromonas_eucrenophila	aerobe
micrococcus_deepwellae	aerobe
sanguibacter_keddieii	aerobe
sanguibacter_suarezii	aerobe
corynebacterium_minutissimum	microaerophile
brevibacterium_otitidis	aerobe
methylobacterium_organophilum	aerobe
mycobacterium_alvei	aerobe
aneurinibacillus_thermoaerophilus	aerobe
vibrio_vulnificus	aerobe
citrobacter_murliniae	aerobe
helicobacter_trogontum	microaerophile
geobacillus_thermodenitrificans	aerobe
pandoraea_norimbergensis	aerobe
streptococcus_parauberis	microaerophile
leucobacter_aridicollis	aerobe
paenibacillus_pabuli	aerobe
sphingomonas_paucimobilis	aerobe
pelomonas_saccharophila	aerobe
leuconostoc_carnosum	aerobe
rothia_kristinae	aerobe
zimmermannella_equis	microaerophile
mycobacterium_triviale	aerobe
bacillus_flavothermus	aerobe
pseudomonas_gingeri	aerobe
nocardiopsis_composta	aerobe
staphylococcus_lentus	aerobe
parvimonas_vaginale	anaerobe
actinobacillus_rossii	aerobe
lactobacillus_mali	anaerobe
metamycoplasma_hominis	anaerobe
atopobacter_phocae	microaerophile
methylobacterium_mesophilicum	aerobe
achromobacter_piechaudii	aerobe
xanthobacter_autotrophicus	aerobe
listeria_monocytogenes	microaerophile
nitrospirillum_amazonense	aerobe
pandoraea_pnomenusa	aerobe
brachymonas_denitrificans	aerobe
helicobacter_mesocricetorum	microaerophile
hafnia_alvei	aerobe
laribacter_hongkongensis	microaerophile
gluconobacter_oxydans	aerobe
fusobacterium_russii	anaerobe
cupriavidus_metallidurans	aerobe
corynebacterium_striatum	microaerophile
verrucomicrobium_spinosum	aerobe
corynebacterium_diphtheriae	microaerophile
mannheimia_haemolytica	microaerophile
eubacterium_infirmum	anaerobe
actinobacillus_equuli	microaerophile
rhodococcus_hoagii	microaerophile
anaerococcus_degeneri	anaerobe
mannheimia_granulomatis	microaerophile
staphylococcus_hyicus	aerobe
mannheimia_murine	microaerophile
brachyspira_hyodysenteriae	anaerobe
gordonia_bronchialis	microaerophile
yersinia_intermedia	aerobe
macrococcus_bovicus	aerobe
streptomyces_somaliensis	microaerophile
actinobacillus_capsulatus	microaerophile
mycobacterium_elephantis	aerobe
winogradskyella_epiphytica	aerobe
corynebacterium_matruchotii	aerobe
helicobacter_canadensis	microaerophile
micromonospora_aurantiaca	microaerophile
arthrobacter_globiformis	aerobe
terrabacter_tumescens	aerobe
brevundimonas_diminuta	aerobe
bordetella_holmesii	microaerophile
mycobacterium_shimoidei	aerobe
volucribacter_psittacicida	microaerophile
corynebacterium_sanguinis	microaerophile
acinetobacter_tandoii	aerobe
sphingobium_yanoikuyae	aerobe
moraxella_ovis	microaerophile
roseomonas_massiliae	aerobe
allokutzneria_albata	aerobe
bacillus_psychrosaccharolyticus	aerobe
aeromonas_popoffii	aerobe
filifactor_alocis	anaerobe
helicobacter_aurati	microaerophile
enterococcus_sanguinicola	aerobe
haemophilus_canis	microaerophile
mycobacterium_lentiflavum	microaerophile
mycobacterium_marinum	aerobe
desulfovibrio_fairfieldensis	anaerobe
polaribacter_butkevichii	aerobe
staphylococcus_pasteuri	aerobe
microbacterium_testaceum	aerobe
roseateles_aquatilis	aerobe
paenibacillus_phoenicis	aerobe
fictibacillus_barbaricus	aerobe
psychrobacillus_psychrodurans	aerobe
streptomyces_mirabilis	aerobe
microbacterium_esteraromaticum	aerobe
klebsiella_aerogenes	aerobe
brevundimonas_vesicularis	aerobe
ralstonia_mannitolilytica	aerobe
bacillus_siralis	aerobe
ensifer_adhaerens	aerobe
curvibacter_fontanus	aerobe
streptomyces_aureus	aerobe
rhodococcus_corynebacterioides	microaerophile
microbacterium_imperiale	microaerophile
deinococcus_geothermalis	aerobe
paenibacillus_naphthalenovorans	aerobe
schlegelella_thermodepolymerans	aerobe
leclercia_adecarboxylata	aerobe
burkholderia_cenocepacia	aerobe
brevibacillus_invocatus-complex	aerobe
chryseobacterium_indologenes	aerobe
staphylococcus_arlettae	aerobe
burkholderia_cepacia	aerobe
brachybacterium_nesterenkovii	aerobe
erwinia_billingiae	aerobe
aeromonas_jandaei	aerobe
haemophilus_intermedius	microaerophile
afipia_broomeae	aerobe
providencia_rettgeri	aerobe
bacillus_flexus	aerobe
cellulomonas_denverensis	aerobe
methylorubrum_extorquens	aerobe
gemella_sanguinis	microaerophile
solibacillus_silvestris	aerobe
mycobacterium_florentinum	microaerophile
mycobacterium_mageritense	microaerophile
pseudomonas_oryzihabitans	aerobe
siccibacter_colletis	aerobe
clostridium_bolteae-like	anaerobe
wautersiella_falsenii	aerobe
kocuria_varians	aerobe
curtobacterium_pusillum	aerobe
pseudolabrys_taiwanensis	aerobe
leifsonia_xyli	microaerophile
psychrobacter_faecalis	aerobe
gemella_bergeri	microaerophile
dermacoccus_nishinomiyaensis	aerobe
nocardiopsis_dassonvillei	microaerophile
mycobacterium_goodii	microaerophile
peribacillus_simplex	aerobe
paenibacillus_validus	aerobe
capnocytophaga_canis	microaerophile
mycobacterium_monacense	microaerophile
pandoraea_apista	aerobe
helicobacter_cetorum	microaerophile
helicobacter_brantae	microaerophile
helicobacter_anseris	microaerophile
bradyrhizobium_denitrificans	aerobe
bradyrhizobium_elkanii	aerobe
microbacterium_phyllosphaerae	aerobe
mycobacterium_mucogenicum	aerobe
sphingomonas_rhizogenes	aerobe
achromobacter_ruhlandii	aerobe
halomonas_elongata	aerobe
brevibacterium_pityocampae	microaerophile
yersinia_aleksiciae	aerobe
deinococcus_radiodurans	microaerophile
bartonella_washoensis	microaerophile
pluralibacter_gergoviae	aerobe
bartonella_tamiae	microaerophile
pantoea_eucrina	aerobe
sneathia_amnii	anaerobe
micrococcus_diversus	aerobe
bacillus_idriensis	aerobe
facklamia_ignava	aerobe
achromobacter_aegrifaciens	aerobe
bacillus_infantis	aerobe
bacillus_humi	microaerophile
pseudomonas_oleovorans	aerobe
janibacter_marinus	aerobe
lentisphaera_araneosa	aerobe
pseudomonas_luteola	aerobe
dietzia_psychralcaliphila	microaerophile
rummeliibacillus_pycnus	aerobe
actinomyces_lingnae	anaerobe
oceanobacillus_sojae	aerobe
helicobacter_macacae	microaerophile
polaromonas_kiwa	aerobe
proteus_hauseri	aerobe
citrobacter_koseri	aerobe
bacillus_vallismortis	aerobe
gallibacterium_trehalosifermentans	microaerophile
mycobacterium_insubricum	microaerophile
moraxella_lacunata	microaerophile
jannaschia_saemankumensis	aerobe
campylobacter_peloridis	microaerophile
deinococcus_papagonensis	aerobe
peptoniphilus_duerdenii	anaerobe
sporosarcina_ginsengisoli	aerobe
hylemonella_gracilis	aerobe
curtobacterium_citreum	microaerophile
microbacterium_arborescens	microaerophile
hoeflea_anabaenae	aerobe
vibrio_fluvialis	aerobe
pantoea_agglomerans	aerobe
arcobacter_porcinus	microaerophile
pseudonocardia_parietis	aerobe
streptomyces_cacaoi	microaerophile
rhodococcus_pyridinivorans	aerobe
microbacterium_foliorum	aerobe
sphingobium_aurantiaca	aerobe
micrococcus_antarcticus	aerobe
phytobacter_diazotrophicus	aerobe
naxibacter_insolentum	aerobe
moraxella_canis	aerobe
ochrobactrum_intermedium	aerobe
ornithinimicrobium_muralis	aerobe
brachybacterium_paraconglomeratum	aerobe
roseomonas_aestuarii	aerobe
microbacterium_muralis	aerobe
enterobacter_asburiae	microaerophile
brachybacterium_muris	microaerophile
lysinibacillus_xyleni	aerobe
microbacterium_petrolearium	aerobe
brevundimonas_faecalis	aerobe
bacillus_arbutinivorans	microaerophile
escherichia_hermannii	aerobe
morganella_morganii	aerobe
sphingomonas_echinoides-complex	aerobe
shewanella_upenei	aerobe
pseudacidovorax_austerolens	aerobe
azospirillum_himalayense	aerobe
mageeibacillus_indolicus	anaerobe
pseudomonas_rhodesiae	aerobe
flavobacterium_oncorhynchi	aerobe
mycobacterium_senegalense	microaerophile
enterobacter_kobei	aerobe
chryseobacterium_oncorhynchi	aerobe
peptoniphilus_tyrrelliae	anaerobe
peptoniphilus_coxii	anaerobe
weissella_ceti	microaerophile
cupriavidus_madingerae	aerobe
micrococcus_maximus	aerobe
micrococcus_galatheae	aerobe
acinetobacter_variabilis	aerobe
chungangia_songklaensis	aerobe
stenotrophomonas_panacihumi	aerobe
thalassotalea_agariperforans	aerobe
flavobacterium_branchiarum	aerobe
flavobacterium_branchiicola	aerobe
flavobacterium_collinsii	aerobe
chryseobacterium_tructae	aerobe
flavobacterium_plurextorum	aerobe
paenibacillus_chitinolyticus	aerobe
brevibacillus_parabrevis	aerobe
brevundimonas_terrae	aerobe
microbulbifer_taiwanensis	aerobe
sphingomonas_adhaesiva	aerobe
oceanisphaera_ostreae	aerobe
chryseobacterium_carnis	aerobe
peptoniphilus_massiliensis	anaerobe
mucilaginibacter_dorajii	aerobe
rhodococcus_trifolii	aerobe
salinimonas_lutimaris	aerobe
glaciecola_siphonariae	aerobe
oceanisphaera_halophilus	aerobe
flavobacterium_ursingii	aerobe
sphingomonas_ginsenosidimutans	microaerophile
mycobacterium_salmoniphilum	aerobe
shewanella_seohaensis	aerobe
paraglaciecola_mesophila	aerobe
micromonospora_tulbaghiae	microaerophile
pseudoalteromonas_atlantica	aerobe
labrenzia_aggregata	aerobe
sulfitobacter_pontiacus	aerobe
facklamia_sourekii	microaerophile
campylobacter_troglodytis	microaerophile
serratia_plymuthica	aerobe
tardiphaga_robiniae	aerobe
nocardia_marmarensis	microaerophile
methyloversatilis_thermotolerans	aerobe
methyloligella_solikamskensis	aerobe
seminibacterium_arietis	microaerophile
paraburkholderia_fungorum	aerobe
corynebacterium_propinquum	microaerophile
winogradskyella_multivorans	aerobe
lutibacter_holmesii	aerobe
phytobacter_ursingii	aerobe
shewanella_litorisediminis	aerobe
ruegeria_arenilitoris	aerobe
achromobacter_anxifer	aerobe
kosakonia_cowanii	aerobe
thalassococcus_lentus	aerobe
lentilitoribacter_donghaensis	aerobe
paraglaciecola_aquimarina	aerobe
nonlabens_arenilitoris	aerobe
promicromonospora_iranensis	aerobe
caballeronia_udeis	aerobe
caballeronia_choica	aerobe
mucilaginibacter_calamicampi	aerobe
rhodovulum_salis	aerobe
savagea_faecisuis	aerobe
geojedonia_litorea	aerobe
marinobacter_piscensis	aerobe
paracoccus_communis	aerobe
aestuariihabitans_beolgyonensis	aerobe
jejudonia_soesokkakensis	aerobe
sabulilitoribacter_multivorans	aerobe
winogradskyella_undariae	aerobe
paraglaciecola_oceanifecundans	aerobe
brachybacterium_conglomeratum	microaerophile
nocardiopsis_synnemataformans	microaerophile
neorhizobium_huautlense	aerobe
caballeronia_cordobensis	aerobe
pelistega_suis	aerobe
roseovarius_aquimarinus	aerobe
salegentibacter_chungangensis	aerobe
sneathiella_chungangensis	aerobe
streptococcus_cuniculi	microaerophile
massilia_licheniformis	aerobe
agromyces_mediolanus	aerobe
rarimicrobium_hominis	anaerobe
corynebacterium_nasicanis	microaerophile
corynebacterium_tapiri	microaerophile
massilia_norwichensis	aerobe
burkholderia_singularis	aerobe
burkholderia_stagnalis	aerobe
burkholderia_territorii	aerobe
prevotella_imum	anaerobe
bifidobacterium_mellis	anaerobe
bifidobacterium_melliventris	anaerobe
eudoraea_chungangensis	aerobe
campylobacter_iguaniorum	microaerophile
pantoea_septica	aerobe
aliarcobacter_faecis	microaerophile
aliarcobacter_lanthieri	microaerophile
streptococcus_pharyngis	microaerophile
flaviflexus_salsibiostraticola	aerobe
mycobacterium_saopaulense	microaerophile
pseudomonas_balearica	aerobe
porphyromonas_pasteri	anaerobe
bacillus_foraminis	aerobe
acinetobacter_albensis	aerobe
planomicrobium_okeanokoites	microaerophile
bacillus_horikoshii	aerobe
pseudomonas_gallaeciensis	aerobe
acinetobacter_haemolyticus	aerobe
facklamia_porci	microaerophile
bergeyella_porcorum	microaerophile
acinetobacter_pseudolwoffii	aerobe
arthrobacter_subterraneus	aerobe
pseudonocardia_kongjuensis	aerobe
enterobacter_soli	aerobe
clostridium_novel	anaerobe
butyricicoccus_novel	anaerobe
lachnospira_pectinoschiza	anaerobe
mixta_theicola	aerobe
bacillus_oleivorans	aerobe
pseudomonas_majoricensis	aerobe
pseudomonas_caspiana	aerobe
streptococcus_bovimastitidis	microaerophile
lysinibacillus_chungkukjangi	aerobe
chromobacterium_amazonense	aerobe
corynebacterium_alimapuense	aerobe
streptococcus_azizii	microaerophile
elizabethkingia_ursingii	aerobe
elizabethkingia_occulta	aerobe
elizabethkingia_bruuniana	aerobe
chryseomicrobium_aureum	aerobe
acinetobacter_apis	aerobe
neisseria_abscessus	microaerophile
acinetobacter_oleivorans	aerobe
acinetobacter_plantarum	aerobe
acinetobacter_qingfengensis	aerobe
acinetobacter_refrigeratorensis	aerobe
bacillus_massiliogabonensis	aerobe
bacillus_phocaeensis	aerobe
microbacterium_chocolatum	microaerophile
neobacillus_niacini	aerobe
parabacteroides_phocaeensis	anaerobe
bacillus_sinesaloumensis	aerobe
virgibacillus_dakarensis	aerobe
bacillus_dakarensis	aerobe
clostridium_massiliodielmoense	anaerobe
aquibacillus_massiliensis	aerobe
paenibacillus_senegalimassiliensis	aerobe
bacteroides_congonensis	anaerobe
ancylobacter_sonchi	aerobe
acinetobacter_libanensis	aerobe
gabonibacter_timonensis	anaerobe
eggerthella_timonensis	anaerobe
collinsella_bouchesdurhonensis	anaerobe
virgibacillus_ndiopensis	aerobe
pseudomonas_otitidis	aerobe
aggregatibacter_kilianii	microaerophile
campylobacter_vulpis	microaerophile
methylobacillus_caricis	aerobe
methylophilus_aquaticus	aerobe
clostridium_neonatale	anaerobe
vagococcus_bubulae	microaerophile
vagococcus_vulneris	microaerophile
bifidobacterium_margollesii	anaerobe
bifidobacterium_anseris	anaerobe
bifidobacterium_imperatoris	anaerobe
bifidobacterium_criceti	anaerobe
bifidobacterium_italicum	anaerobe
bifidobacterium_parmae	anaerobe
campylobacter_blaseri	microaerophile
staphylococcus_edaphicus	aerobe
gilliamella_apis	anaerobe
lysobacter_silvestris	obligate aerobe
actinoplanes_sediminis	aerobe
bacillus_alkalitolerans	aerobe
subsaxibacter_arcticus	aerobe
sphingoaurantiacus_polygranulatus	aerobe
pseudonocardia_lutea	aerobe
acidocella_aquatica	aerobe
ancylobacter_pratisalsi	aerobe
arthrobacter_silviterrae	aerobe
streptomyces_roietensis	aerobe
bacillus_solisilvae	facultative anaerobe
bacillus_ciccensis	aerobe
ornithinimicrobium_flavum	aerobe
amycolatopsis_oliviviridis	aerobe
psychrobacillus_lasiicapitis	aerobe
thioclava_electrotropha	anaerobe
phaeobacter_piscinae	aerobe
gellertiella_hungarica	obligate aerobe
neisseria_dumasiana	facultative anaerobe
phenylobacterium_deserti	aerobe
planktotalea_lamellibrachiae	aerobe
polynucleobacter_aenigmaticus	aerobe
izhakiella_australiensis	facultative anaerobe
lechevalieria_rhizosphaerae	aerobe
lentzea_pudingi	aerobe
nonomuraea_cavernae	aerobe
paenibacillus_arcticus	aerobe
salirhabdus_salicampi	aerobe
winogradskyella_haliclonae	aerobe
monoglobus_pectinilyticus	anaerobe
clostridium_pabulibutyricum	anaerobe
desulfonatronum_parangueonense	anaerobe
enterococcus_wangshanyuanii	facultative anaerobe
shewanella_carassii	facultative anaerobe
streptomyces_tritici	aerobe
streptacidiphilus_monticola	aerobe
glycomyces_rhizosphaerae	aerobe
tritonibacter_horizontis	aerobe
nocardia_rhizosphaerihabitans	aerobe
thermostaphylospora_grisealba	aerobe
ciceribacter_azotifigens	aerobe
conservatibacter_flavescens	aerobe
proteiniborus_indolifex	obligate anaerobe
methanolobus_psychrotolerans	obligate anaerobe
vibrio_fujianensis	facultative anaerobe
aestuariimonas_insulae	aerobe
pseudodesulfovibrio_hydrargyri	anaerobe
butyricicoccus_porcorum	obligate anaerobe
streptomyces_capitiformicae	aerobe
frankia_saprophytica	aerobe
glycomyces_anabasis	aerobe
glycomyces_paridis	aerobe
actinomadura_barringtoniae	aerobe
trichococcus_paludicola	facultative anaerobe
trichococcus_alkaliphilus	facultative anaerobe
bacillus_populi	aerobe
microbacterium_album	aerobe
streptomyces_davaonensis	aerobe
streptomyces_cinnabarigriseus	aerobe
lactococcus_reticulitermitis	facultative anaerobe
lactobacillus_panisapium	facultative anaerobe
marinicrinis_lubricantis	aerobe
georgenia_deserti	aerobe
parolsenella_catena	obligate anaerobe
corynebacterium_hadale	facultative anaerobe
rubneribacter_badeniensis	obligate anaerobe
enteroscipio_rubneri	obligate anaerobe
carnobacterium_antarcticum	facultative anaerobe
ellagibacter_isourolithinifaciens	obligate anaerobe
lactobacillus_quenuiae	aerobe
lactobacillus_timberlakei	aerobe
lactobacillus_micheneri	aerobe
pelagirhabdus_alkalitolerans	facultative anaerobe
parasediminibacterium_paludis	aerobe
pseudorhodobacter_collinsensis	aerobe
pyruvatibacter_mobilis	aerobe
reinekea_marina	aerobe
roseomonas_elaeocarpi	aerobe
rufibacter_glacialis	aerobe
streptomyces_actinomycinicus	aerobe
changchengzhania_lutea	aerobe
flavobacterium_amniphilum	aerobe
mangrovitalea_sediminis	facultative anaerobe
ravibacter_arvi	aerobe
rurimicrobium_arvi	aerobe
soonwooa_purpurea	aerobe
spirosoma_flavum	aerobe
spirosoma_koreense	aerobe
roseomonas_terricola	aerobe
ruegeria_marisrubri	aerobe
ruegeria_profundi	aerobe
sabulilitoribacter_arenilitoris	aerobe
saccharomonospora_colocasiae	aerobe
salsuginimonas_clara	aerobe
sediminibacterium_roseum	aerobe
seonamhaeicola_marinus	facultative anaerobe
siccirubricoccus_deserti	aerobe
sphingobacterium_humi	facultative aerobe
sphingomonas_agri	aerobe
tenacibaculum_aestuariivivum	aerobe
wohlfahrtiimonas_populi	facultative anaerobe
aeribacillus_composti	obligate aerobe
altererythrobacter_mangrovi	facultative anaerobe
arenibacter_antarcticus	aerobe
caldovatus_sediminis	aerobe
ciceribacter_thiooxidans	facultative anaerobe
cohnella_algarum	facultative aerobe
deinococcus_taklimakanensis	aerobe
desertibacillus_haloalkaliphilus	aerobe
paenibacillus_albidus	facultative anaerobe
ponticoccus_marisrubri	aerobe
porphyrobacter_algicida	aerobe
pseudomonas_tarimensis	aerobe
melaminivora_jejuensis	aerobe
deinococcus_hibisci	aerobe
phenylobacterium_hankyongense	aerobe
mucilaginibacter_panaciglaebae	aerobe
thalassotalea_coralli	aerobe
bacillus_marinisedimentorum	facultative anaerobe
microbacterium_deserti	aerobe
corynebacterium_godavarianum	aerobe
aestuariicoccus_marinus	aerobe
rheinheimera_marina	aerobe
thalassotalea_atypica	aerobe
hymenobacter_defluvii	aerobe
paraburkholderia_azotifigens	aerobe
stakelama_algicida	aerobe
vicingus_serpentipes	aerobe
thauera_propionica	facultative anaerobe
mucilaginibacter_amnicola	aerobe
pseudomonas_fluvialis	aerobe
paenibacillus_limicola	aerobe
ferrovibrio_soli	aerobe
pedobacter_quisquiliarum	aerobe
aureimonas_populi	facultative aerobe
leptospira_venezuelensis	anaerobe
spirosoma_metallilatum	aerobe
tessaracoccus_terricola	aerobe
bacillus_tamaricis	facultative anaerobe
bacillus_camelliae	aerobe
marivivens_niveibacter	aerobe
sphingobacterium_terrae	aerobe
flavobacterium_foetidum	aerobe
marinobacterium_aestuarii	aerobe
hymenobacter_rubripertinctus	aerobe
jannaschia_confluentis	aerobe
brevundimonas_humi	aerobe
epidermidibacterium_keratini	aerobe
chitinophaga_humicola	aerobe
arenibacter_catalasegens	aerobe
euzebyella_algicola	aerobe
actinotalea_solisilvae	aerobe
flavobacterium_ovatum	aerobe
tsukamurella_ocularis	aerobe
tsukamurella_hominis	aerobe
litorimonas_haliclonae	aerobe
saccharopolyspora_deserti	aerobe
halioglobus_lutimaris	aerobe
pedobacter_agrisoli	aerobe
aquimarina_algiphila	aerobe
dokdonia_flava	aerobe
acinetobacter_piscicola	facultative anaerobe
flavobacterium_kingsejongi	aerobe
flavisolibacter_metallilatus	aerobe
uliginosibacterium_sediminicola	aerobe
blautia_hominis	anaerobe
micromonospora_globbae	aerobe
phyllobacterium_salinisoli	aerobe
jatrophihabitans_telluris	aerobe
pedobacter_mongoliensis	aerobe
bacillus_fermenti	facultative anaerobe
salinisphaera_aquimarina	aerobe
halomonas_saliphila	aerobe
cryobacterium_aureum	aerobe
comamonas_aquatilis	aerobe
bizionia_berychis	aerobe
flavobacterium_cyanobacteriorum	aerobe
lentzea_soli	aerobe
altererythrobacter_fulvus	aerobe
flavobacterium_artemisiae	aerobe
streptomyces_salilacus	aerobe
tabrizicola_fusiformis	aerobe
deinococcus_aluminii	aerobe
fluviicola_kyonggii	aerobe
streptomyces_manganisoli	aerobe
rhodohalobacter_barkolensis	aerobe
polynucleobacter_meluiroseus	aerobe
bacteroides_koreensis	anaerobe
bacteroides_kribbi	anaerobe
hymenobacter_cavernae	aerobe
hymenobacter_gummosus	aerobe
kordia_zosterae	facultative anaerobe
marinobacter_salexigens	facultative anaerobe
marinomonas_algicida	aerobe
marmoricola_endophyticus	aerobe
massilia_buxea	aerobe
methyloterricola_oryzae	aerobe
photobacterium_toruni	facultative anaerobe
polaribacter_tangerinus	aerobe
psychrosphaera_aquimarina	aerobe
flavobacterium_phocarum	aerobe
chryseobacterium_salipaludis	aerobe
proteus_columbae	anaerobe
planococcus_salinus	aerobe
polaribacter_staleyi	facultative anaerobe
flavobacterium_sediminilitoris	aerobe
sphingomonas_rhizophila	aerobe
colwellia_echini	facultative anaerobe
ornithinibacillus_salinisoli	aerobe
roseomonas_fluminis	aerobe
terrimonas_soli	aerobe
spirosoma_horti	aerobe
paenibacillus_translucens	aerobe
raineya_orbicola	aerobe
aquimarina_spongiicola	aerobe
actinorectispora_metalli	aerobe
roseisolibacter_agri	aerobe
stackebrandtia_soli	aerobe
hymenobacter_rivuli	aerobe
vitellibacter_todarodis	aerobe
paracoccus_alimentarius	aerobe
paraburkholderia_aromaticivorans	facultative aerobe
parvibium_lacunae	aerobe
herbaspirillum_robiniae	aerobe
amnibacterium_endophyticum	aerobe
pseudomaribius_aestuariivivens	obligate aerobe
deinococcus_lacus	aerobe
proteus_alimentorum	facultative anaerobe
neptunicella_marina	aerobe
saccharomonospora_piscinae	aerobe
arthrobacter_ruber	obligate aerobe
deinococcus_rufus	aerobe
tumebacillus_avium	facultative aerobe
bacillus_alkalilacus	aerobe
subsaxibacter_sediminis	aerobe
rhodococcus_olei	aerobe
sulfitobacter_aestuarii	aerobe
roseicyclus_marinus	aerobe
streptomyces_boninensis	aerobe
hymenobacter_profundi	aerobe
muricauda_indica	obligate aerobe
simplicispira_soli	aerobe
stenotrophomonas_lactitubi	obligate aerobe
xanthomonas_prunicola	aerobe
dokdonia_lutea	aerobe
edaphobaculum_flavum	aerobe
flavobacterium_chuncheonense	aerobe
flavobacterium_luteum	aerobe
flavobacterium_dispersum	obligate aerobe
flavobacterium_limi	aerobe
halomonas_aestuarii	aerobe
haloplanus_salinarum	obligate aerobe
lactococcus_petauri	facultative anaerobe
lonsdalea_britannica	facultative anaerobe
lonsdalea_iberica	facultative anaerobe
lysobacter_olei	aerobe
paracoccus_sordidisoli	aerobe
paraglaciecola_aestuariivivens	aerobe
pedobacter_solisilvae	obligate aerobe
rheinheimera_salexigens	obligate aerobe
arthrobacter_paludis	aerobe
castellaniella_fermenti	aerobe
paenibacillus_crassostreae	facultative anaerobe
pseudomonas_floridensis	obligate aerobe
paenibacillus_xanthanilyticus	aerobe
pontibacter_brevis	aerobe
mitsuaria_noduli	aerobe
flavobacterium_commune	facultative anaerobe
salibacterium_lacus	aerobe
fictibacillus_aquaticus	facultative anaerobe
pseudogracilibacillus_endophyticus	aerobe
micromonospora_luteiviridis	aerobe
micromonospora_phytophila	aerobe
antarcticibacterium_flavum	aerobe
aquicoccus_porphyridii	obligate aerobe
albirhodobacter_confluentis	obligate aerobe
methylobacterium_frigidaeris	obligate aerobe
flavobacterium_naphtae	aerobe
longivirga_aurantiaca	aerobe
acidimangrovimonas_pyrenivorans	aerobe
sphingobacterium_solani	aerobe
halomonas_malpeensis	obligate aerobe
microbacterium_telephonicum	aerobe
tessaracoccus_aquimaris	aerobe
adhaeribacter_swui	aerobe
veillonella_infantium	anaerobe
paenibacillus_mobilis	obligate aerobe
virgibacillus_phasianinus	aerobe
polaromonas_ginsengisoli	obligate aerobe
rathayibacter_oskolensis	aerobe
amycolatopsis_silviterrae	aerobe
pseudobizionia_ponticola	aerobe
tenacibaculum_todarodis	aerobe
lactobacillus_metriopterae	facultative anaerobe
streptococcus_penaeicida	facultative anaerobe
streptomyces_fuscigenes	aerobe
amycolatopsis_rhizosphaerae	aerobe
aurantisolimonas_haloimpatiens	obligate aerobe
flavobacterium_lacicola	aerobe
halomonas_endophytica	aerobe
alcanivorax_mobilis	aerobe
aquimarina_celericrescens	aerobe
winogradskyella_pocilloporae	obligate aerobe
dokdonia_aurantiaca	aerobe
neptunicoccus_sediminis	aerobe
gracilimonas_amylolytica	aerobe
acidovorax_kalamii	aerobe
lelliottia_jeotgali	facultative anaerobe
flavobacterium_hankyongi	aerobe
kordiimonas_pumila	obligate aerobe
pseudomonas_profundi	obligate aerobe
camelliibacillus_cellulosilyticus	aerobe
salinirubellus_salinus	facultative anaerobe
carboxylicivirga_sediminis	facultative anaerobe
paenibacillus_yanchengensis	obligate aerobe
sulfurisphaera_javensis	facultative anaerobe
propionicimonas_ferrireducens	facultative anaerobe
flavobacterium_alvei	obligate aerobe
siphonobacter_curvatus	obligate aerobe
mesorhizobium_wenxiniae	aerobe
nocardioides_pelophilus	aerobe
pinisolibacter_ravus	facultative anaerobe
paraburkholderia_caseinilytica	aerobe
sansalvadorimonas_verongulae	obligate aerobe
